PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  Patient is a 48 y.o. who presents after fainting earlier in the day with an irregularly irregular rhythm on ECG consistent with atrial fibrillation. 

RESPONSE:

  He has also had significant weight loss and hyponatremia.  The patient has not had an evaluation in the past 6 months.  He denies overtreatment of medications.    The evaluation of other patients with atrial fibrillation has been minimal, but the current patient does not fit the exclusionary criteria for arrhythmogenic atrial fibrillation. Discussion:   The presentation and history of the patient are quite bizarre.  The patient had had a recent cardiac arrest followed by prolonged fainting followed by sudden death.  A few days after the previous cardiac arrest, he had fainted during exercise.  He had been hospitalized for dehydration and had lost 40 kg in the preceding month.  His blood pressure was 130/80 mmhg and he was on furosemide. The patient's electrocardiograms did not match known ECG patterns for atrial fibrillation.  Based on these findings the diagnosis of atrial fibrillation was made.   The evaluation of the patient, including routine blood pressure was done.   The evaluation of medication and a detailed history was performed.  During the evaluation, the patient's blood pressure was 130/80 mm hg and he was on furosemide.   His weight was 154 kg at the time he was examined and his hemoglobin level was 6.5 g/dL.  His urine was normal.   During the evaluation with the ECG and a detailed history the patient's behavior and pulse became irregular.  Within 6-8 minutes of the rhythm change he began to lose consciousness.  The ECG showed a large QRS complex with a T wave with the appearance of a QRS complex with a QT interval of 1 sec.  The T wave was also described as being as long as the QRS complex.  After the rhythm change was observed the T wave became narrow and then rapidly progressed to a T wave that was very narrow, flat, and fast, indicating a T wave with a positive S-wave.  The QRS complex also went from broad to narrow and in the next 10 minutes the QRS complex became very narrow and flat and then rapidly progressed to a T wave that resembled a negative QRS complex.   The patient's history was quite vague and contained many questions.  The patient had previously been discharged with a diagnosis of "hypo-thyroid" despite an extensive physical examination and medication history. 