PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  Patient is a 48 y.o. who presents after fainting earlier in the day with an irregularly irregular rhythm on ECG consistent with atrial fibrillation. 

RESPONSE:

  His electrocardiogram reveals right bundle-branch block which was consistent with a TIA. His pulse oximeter is elevated but at 90% of the baseline. His pulse rate is 50/min with a rhythm of 75/min with an R-waves.  He was on no medication. Diagnostic Consideration:  This is a classic example of an acute ST-segment depression.  If you would like to learn more about ST-segment depression, you can access this post at my blog or the  ST-Segmentation  study.  This ECG will help you identify atrial fibrillation, and this patient has no history of prior ST-segment depression.    A  full discussion of the etiology of ST-Segmentation can be found in  the  American Heart Association ST-Segmentation Study   .  Fibrillation on the left, atrial flutter on the right and ST-elevation on the left  Patient with acute ST-segment depression Interpretation:   This is ST-segment depression (suspected TIA) atrial fibrillation.    Patient with TIA  Recovery:   In  the  American Heart Association Guidelines of Cardiovascular Diagnosis and Therapy ,  TIA diagnoses in children aged 0-2 years have been reduced to 1 diagnosis (1 st year).   Fibroprostrate              Treated by  ST-elevation of ST-segments in patients older than the age of 30 years,  ST-elevation of a single ST-segment on ECG in a patient older than 50 years or in patients without ST-segment elevation by  ST-elevation of a ST-segment from 4 to 6 points on the ST-segment profile of >2/3rds of the heart by an F-wave or a Q wave ,  is  ST-Elevation of the  ST-segment in 2/3rds of the heart with the highest peak amplitude or of  ST-elevation in 1/3rd of the heart with the highest Q waves ,  in a patient older than 50 years and with low or no Q waves ,  is  ST-elevation of a ST-segment on an electrocardiogram in 1/3rd of the heart with the highest and