PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  Routine discharge to nursing home is scheduled for this afternoon. Patient should continue with physical and occupationsl therapy to regain strength

RESPONSE:

  & mobility.  Physical activity and occupational therapy will be done as needed until discharged. It was noted that the patient suffered complications with his knee due to surgery 2 years ago & has ongoing post-surgery pain.  TREATMENT: The patient is recovering and walking without assistance. The patient was in fair condition at the time of discharge. It was determined that the patient did not need surgery. Patient is advised of this. There was no evidence of infection, pain, or infection in the postoperative area.  DISPOSITION: The patient was discharged to a rehabilitation facility to be evaluated by a general surgeon concerning the possibility of knee replacement. The surgeon recommended a conservative approach to conservative management. Patient was discharged to his appropriate home following evaluation and treatment. Patient did not require any surgical assistance. The patient did not have a high threshold for pain. It was noted that the patient was having trouble lifting his hips & had difficulty in getting out of his wheel chair. His pain was mild. His pain was the result of inflammation, muscle spasm & cartilage degeneration.  CONTINUED EDUCATIONAL ACTION: The patient is now at home and continuing physical rehabilitation.  DISPOSITION: The patient was discharged from the hospital on the same day. The patient has no residual or postoperative effects. The patient is in good physical condition.  DISPOSITION: The patient sustained bone spurs in the left knee. It is possible that the patient will require a small bone graft to be implanted in the knee. It was noted that the patient was initially taken to the emergency room on a Sunday for a procedure that was to fix a problem with his femoral bone. The emergency room staff did not see the problem until the next day. It was determined that the patient had developed a very mild case of bone spurs in his femoral bone due to trauma. The bone spurs were very minor & did not require stitches. It was noted that the patient was in fair condition at the time of discharge. The patient did not require any surgical assistance. The pain was the result of muscle spasm & cartilage degeneration. The patient was referred to a rehabilitation facility for a conservative strategy. Patient was discharged to his appropriate home following evaluation and treatment. Patient did not require any surgical assistance. Patient did not have a high threshold for pain.  CONTINUED EDUCATIONAL ACTION: The patient is getting better each day. As of last week the patient was returning home. During the week