PROMPT:

AP:  The patient was seen for a well visit with no major complaints. For seasonal allergies, continue on OTC medications and schedule her next visit with primary care

RESPONSE:

  staff.  DIAGNOSIS:  Acute rhinitis caused by nonprescription medication with possible drug interaction (e.g., antihistamines, over the counter medications)  OR  An acute allergic reaction to medication that was not prescribed (e.g., an over-the-counter medication, medication that is not prescribed in a prescription, or medication that is taken for unknown reasons), although some may be provoked by other people.  In some cases the patient may be overusing any one of several medications, especially medication for allergies or conditions that may interact with the over-the-counter ingredients.  In cases in which a patient is more likely to be at risk of side effects (e.g., children or the elderly) or other potential drug interactions, it may be necessary to reduce or discontinue medications.  In cases in which it is necessary to avoid certain types of allergens (e.g., children, pregnant women), medication may be required.  Antihistamines are frequently used for chronic rhinitis and other symptoms of allergy as well as to mitigate the risk of allergic reactions. In most cases, however, allergic reactions should be managed by addressing the underlying cause.  For seasonal allergies, OTC antihistamines may not be needed or may be limited. When available, the following non-prescription allergy medications are also helpful. All are available at pharmacies in your area.  Cetirizine: may be the only adequate treatment for children with allergy to milk protein, as the dose is usually too low for an adult to tolerate. However, adults who experience more of a response will often benefit from cetirizine for a short time.  Cetirizine may be effective in the treatment of recurrent rhinitis when taken at a daily dose of 20 mg.  Clonazepam: may be useful in some adults with symptoms of allergy to coffee, tea, and chocolate.  Mefenamic Acid: is available over the counter in non-prescription dosages.  Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Agents [NSAIDs [Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs]]: are prescription medications that prevent the development of inflammation and pain associated with inflammation. They are not effective in curing allergies but may be helpful in managing symptoms.  Aspirin: may be helpful in adults who have a history of seasonal allergy to eggs and