PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL The patient is a 78 year old female with a history of stroke and hypertension. She recently fell in her home and reports dizziness and lightheadness

RESPONSE:

  in one eye that was relieved by lidocaine but was accompanied by tingling and a burning sensation in an adjacent muscle. Her symptoms were eliminated by taking a 5% lidocaine dose 2 hours later. On examination the patient was unresponsive and in a coma. The laminaria had been removed and the brain stem cut open to expose the brain. The lidocaine was not withdrawn, the brain was not perfused, and it was determined that the laminaria had not occluded the brain tissue. The blood pressure reached 160/100 mm Hg at the intravascular injection of 3% lidocaine but increased to 140/93 mm Hg at her last medical check 7 days after the lidocaine. After a course of benzodiazepines with no effect, the patient was evaluated with electrocardiogram, ECG, electroendocardiatrist, and EKG and a normal electrocardiogram on admission. The patient had a slight left ventricular hypertrophy. Her blood pressure was 118/70 mm Hg at her last medical check. No other findings were noted. She refused any medications and was discharged into the community.  CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE This case report provides a compelling case of a case of severe lidocaine intoxication with death. Although multiple laminaria must be removed to obtain adequate insight into the tissue of interest, it is known that the area of most interest in laminaria is in the subependymal space (SEP). Although only a portion of these areas have been studied, data is sufficient to document the presence of lidocaine in this area, and the clinical significance of this finding, at least in those instances where it may not be the sole result of lidocaine toxicity. This finding must be considered when the lidocaine levels from injection, or laminaria removed at an area not directly accessible to the patient, become clinically significant.  Dr. Naimi is an emergency medicine physician, Emergency physician at Mount Sinai Hospital, and Associate Professor at the University of Toronto in the Departments of Emergency Medicine and Neurosurgery. His research interests are in acute and chronic pain management and surgical complications of severe limb injury. Dr. Naimi's practice combines clinical and research techniques and includes laminaria removal, vascular access therapy of intracranial injury, peritoneal dialysis, and neurosurgery.  Acknowledgments: This work was presented in part to the Society of