PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): She suffered a mild transient ischemia attack although was discharged from the ED with family to home.

RESPONSE:

  The family left her for more than five hours. She was not given any care for her symptoms or for her bleeding while on home. The ED physician was also unaware of any underlying bleeding or underlying condition.  She suffered a mild transient ischemic attack although was discharged from the ED with family to home. The family left her for more than five hours. She was not given any care for her symptoms or for her bleeding while on home. The ED physician was also unaware of any underlying bleeding or underlying condition. Emergency Department Discharge: Was in the ED and received immediate treatment including transport to a local trauma center.  Was in the ED and received immediate treatment including transport to a local trauma center. Emergency Department Reception: Was admitted and received emergency care. The ED physician did not provide the needed care during the time that she was there.  Was admitted and received emergency care. The ED physician did not provide the needed care during the time that she was there. Hospitalization: Was in the hospital and was admitted for blood loss resulting from a mild transient ischemic attack. Her condition was not appropriately managed and she received no care.  Was in the hospital and was admitted for blood loss resulting from a mild transient ischemic attack. Her condition was not appropriately managed and she received no care. Death from a Medical Error or Accident: Was not given a timely diagnosis and treatment after suffering a mild transient ischemic attack when she was admitted to the hospital. The emergency physician did not follow appropriate guidelines or instructions which resulted in her being admitted for blood loss and resulting in death.  The American College of Emergency Physicians publishes Emergency Medicine Competencies, Clinical Training Standards and Prehospital Care for Emergency Physicians.  To view the PDF version of this document, please click here. This document reflects changes since the last publication in 2008.