PROMPT:

Past Medical History 25 y/o F presents to the ED with R knee pain and bilateral ankle pain following a fall. Pt states she fell down x2 steps onto cement. States she twisted her ankles and R knee.

RESPONSE:

  Knee pain resolved at home, pain and swelling of the metatarsalgic joint in the distal 4-6 months resolved on cortisone. No history of R or C knee injury. No fractures or sprains, no arthritis or family history of R or C knee. Not in employment and unable to obtain income.   Post Med Check Results F, 27 y/o presents to the ED with pain and swelling in the distal leg of the foot after 6 months of non-use of prosthetics. Pt states she could not get into a scooter due to pain and swelling. Pain resolved by increasing use of prosthesis. No history of R or C knee injury.   Familiarity with Medications   F (R)   F (R)   F (R)   F (H)   F (H)   F (H)   F (H)   F (H)   Medication History   No known medications, not receiving any medications.   Physical examination   F (H), Pt presents to the ED with a 2.90 scale for pain, a 2.78 scale to mood and a 2.80 scale for overall disability. Pt describes pain on the contralateral knee as worse than her right. Pupils in the left eye are decreased, pt reports she is depressed. Pt states with her current medication, she can still walk up stairs but is not sure if she can get over them and reach higher stair heights. Pupils in the left eye are normal. Pt states her left leg is about 50% less flexible and is about 15% less mobile than her right. Pt states she can get up but cannot get over stairs. Pt states she cannot stand on one leg or lean to stand up comfortably. Pt states she will have to put her foot down on a flat surface in order to try to stand up. pt's feet are fine if standing on one leg. Pt states she will have to put shoe laces on in order to stand. Pt states her pain and stiffness was caused by using prostheses. Pt states she cannot climb stairs. Pt states her strength does not get better with the current medication regimen. Pt states she will need painkillers and anti-inflammatories to alleviate her symptoms. Pt states she is tired, stressed, exhausted, fatigued, angry and depressed when she sleeps. Pt denies she has had a history of pain or weakness or is on any medication. Pt states she feels