PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  Routine discharge to nursing home is scheduled for this afternoon. Patient should continue with physical and occupationsl therapy to regain strength

RESPONSE:

  and range of motion. Patient's weight should be restored to normal by the time his doctor is available in two weeks.  Case Report 2: A 69 year old man who had previously been diagnosed as a severe diabetic and who was found to be non diabetic had several recent seizures. He is now in full remission with a normal glucose level. This man has a history of chronic kidney disease and is being treated with diuretics. He is currently eating a diet very low in fat and sugar from cereals which has produced a slight but significant decline in his BG. The seizure activity and the lack of control of the seizures were the only symptoms of a major depression. The man was taking a propranolol (300mg/day) and had had a change in his diet but he had not changed his medications. He was treated with a carbamazepine (800mgs daily) and his seizure activity dramatically subsided.  Treatment: I am currently going through the diet which has failed with this patient. He was on antihypertensive medications (beta blockers, calcium channel blockers) which have had no effect on his seizures, and he has a very high carbohydrate diet as indicated by his urine ketone levels. The ketone levels were 5.0mg/dL after his last seizure which was induced by his diabetes as well as his recent seizure activity. This time I am going to try an ultra low carbohydrate (30grams) ketogenic diet. This diet is not well established in the literature and he has been on it for 2 weeks. The goal is to reduce his carb consumption to no more than 20grams of carbs a day and to have no fruit and very few vegetables. He is also going to lose 15-20% of his body weight and his exercise is going to become more moderate which will slow his metabolism and decrease glucose absorption and excretion.  Case 3: A 25 year old man is seizurefree for over two years. His BG was 160mg/dL, but his TGs were normal (4.1), blood pressure was 100/45 and he took no diuretics. When I started the diet, he had a fasting BG of 190mg/dL followed by a postprandial (1 hour after dinner) BG of 110mg/dL. He has been seizurefree for over two years. He has done well with the diet, which had been a strict strict elimination of non-starch carbohydrates (starches). The diet consists mainly of a low carbohydrate