PROMPT:

AP:  Patient is a 48 y.o. who presents after fainting earlier in the day with an irregularly irregular rhythm on ECG consistent with atrial fibrillation. 

RESPONSE:

    The patient was brought to the ED with a history of fainting and chest pain that had recurred prior to his admission. He was transferred to the surgical ICU where he received an initial chest x-ray and an EKG.    At auscultation, there was an extremely shallow, left-to-right T wave in the lateral inferior oblique, with a peak amplitude of ~3mm. The QRS complex was elongated and very poorly defined (no waveform was recognizable).   The patient's age was consistent with his age-at-death (27) but he was very young. He had no medical problems, however, he had no evidence of previous drug or alcohol use. He was sedated and had a very limited range of motion with decreased muscle tone.   His history was also consistent with the onset of symptoms during the course of an episode of dizziness associated with a head injury. The patient's primary complaints were dizziness and fatigue, both of which disappeared upon cessation of his medication.  Tritium was absent on ECG. There was no evidence of the previous fainting episode but he appeared to be neurologically stable with no evidence of a recent neurologic event (he did, however, have symptoms consistent with atrial fibrillation).     Trisomy 21 – Aortic aortic aortic valve (AAA) (2) :   The patient complained of fatigue and dyspnea. He had been hospitalized in a cardiac intensive care unit since he was discovered unconscious in his home.    On assessment, his heart rate was 112 beats/min, his blood pressure was 120/80 mm Hg, his respiratory rate was 50 breaths/min, but he was unable to maintain a respirations rate (RR), suggesting heart failure (RR is used for unstable patients).    Auscultation was unremarkable but showed an extremely shallow left-to-right T wave in the inferior inferior oblique, with a peak amplitude of ~2mm. Pulses of activity were present on EKG.   He had a history of a left aortic aortic valve (AAA) surgery approximately 10 years previously, in which he suffered severe coronary artery disease. His first symptom report (in ECGs) showed QRS instability between beats and the ECG showed an elongated and poorly defined T wave (QRS complex is