PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL The patient presents with a fever and shortness of breath associated with community acquired pneumonia

RESPONSE:

 . The patient has a history of previous severe sepsis that occurred several years ago in a relative who was a very high-risk patient. The patient has been in the hospital 2 to 3 weeks and is in stable condition. The patient is a young white male age 20-30 years with no family history of severe sepsis. The patient has a chest infection.  PATHOPHYSIOLOGY, PATHOPHYSIOLOGY, PATHOPHYSIOLOGY, and pathophiologic findings may be seen in this setting. Chest infection, including pneumonia, is reported in up to 40% of patients with severe sepsis, up to 35% of patients with sepsis following trauma (8,9), and more than 20% of patients with disseminated intravascular coagulopathy. The disease of the ventilator-associated pneumonia in sepsis is usually the more common form of the disease. In fact, in a recent study of hospitalized patients with severe sepsis, the most frequent diagnosis of pneumonia was community-acquired pneumonia (pneumonia is listed as a complication of sepsis on our website, www.sepsis.org, and is included on the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, which is published by the World Health Organization (WHO) (10). The pathophysiologic role of the infection has been well described for decades (11,12). There are several important pathways through which this disease is mediated. First, the infection produces extensive vasculoid, erythrocyte, and extracellular matrix damage with consequent increased plasma LPS production as well as increased inflammatory cytokine production, leading to the production of interleukin-6 (IL-6), monocyte chemoattractant protein I (MCPII), and interleukin (IL)-10 (13,14). Second, IL-6 causes the release of proinflammatory cytokines, which stimulates local immune cells to initiate an inflammatory cascade that ultimately leads to sepsis. IL-6 produced in the lung stimulates neutrophils, monocytes, monokines, and lymphocytes to produce the cytotoxic inflammatory cytokines, C-reactive protein (CRP), TNF-α, and IL-1α, which are then converted by leukocytes to IL-6. The increased production of proinflammatory cytokines, particularly IL-6, has been linked to the development of systemic organ dysfunction, such as the immune suppression (15