PROMPT:

History of Present Illness The patient presents with a fever and shortness of breath associated with community acquired pneumonia

RESPONSE:

 . Initial symptoms include malaise and headache along with fatigue and dyspnea. His history has been largely unremarkable.  The patient's physical examination is notable for a weight loss of 13 kg (31 lb), moderate-high grade fever, a dry cough requiring nasal decongestant, a mild and unremarkable chest x-ray and a peripheral neuropathy. Computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging of the brain are normal. Abdominal CT has good view of pleural effusions.  The patient reports a new onset of severe headache after he began using marijuana 5 months ago. The headache started with the first use and got worse after each use. The pain varies in intensity and it is located in temporal and anterior layers. Patients were also able to describe the onset of various symptoms after using only marijuana. These symptoms are as follows: nausea, vomiting, confusion, lightheadedness, diplopia, dizziness, visual field abnormality, anxiety, paranoia and feeling intoxicated.  All patients reported feeling "high" after marijuana. Patients did not feel that their performance degraded or impaired the results of any laboratory test. The patient denies having used drugs other than marijuana. Pain is not reported by the patient, the medical history has no history of previous pain or any other illness.  Evaluation The patient underwent lumbar puncture and thoracentesis for bacterial vaginosis. No findings were seen and the patient was re-evaluated. The patient is admitted with a fever and shortness of breath with a normal chest x-ray and electrocardiogram. CT, MRI and ultrasound of the head are inconclusive and further evaluation is not indicated as further findings may have been present without the use of marijuana.  History of Chronic Inflammatory Bowel Disease The patient's illness does not appear to have been related to inflammatory bowel disease and despite repeated CT, MRI and ultrasound procedures have resulted only in no abnormalities and no abnormalities have been detected. The patient's physician has denied cannabis use. The patient's past history is unremarkable, he has no family history of psychiatric, musculoskeletal or gastrointestinal disease.  Positron Emission Tomography (PET/MRI) The patient used marijuana on a daily basis for 5 months, he was not taking any drugs. His previous marijuana use was at least 30-50 joints per month. All medications prescribed were for pain and none were for anxiety or psychosis. He had no drug interactions. MRI results were suggestive of celiac