PROMPT:

History of Present Illness The patient is a 57 y.o. male presenting with chest pain and shortness of breath

RESPONSE:

 . The examination reveals a 2-cm mass located just above the left rib, which is 2 mm thick. Further examination of the chest reveals that the chest wall is thickened and irregular in appearance. No chest X-ray has been taken.  Laboratory Tests  Hematocrit: 41%  Radiograph: Normal  Physical Exam  Elevated Lymph node. Pneumonia. Chest tenderness.  Oral Exam  No obvious external or internal injuries. No abnormal findings on chest X-ray.  Diagnosis  Otitis Media  Treatment and Prognosis  Early recognition is critical to prevent worsening of symptoms and early initiation of appropriate treatment for this patient.  Otitis Media can be successfully treated with antibiotics.   1 Year Overall Survival Rate 6:1  Patient was treated in the hospital and discharged the following day.   1 Year ICU Survival Rate 7:1  Patient was discharged 2 days later.   Otitis Media has been treated with antibiotics 4 times, as noted by the X-ray. The patient is expected to live one year.  Otitis Media vs Prognosis  Patient was discharged back to the hospital 2 days after diagnosis with O'Hare's sign, which can occur with any type of chest infection, not just otitis media. Otitis media however can be very severe when bacteria get trapped in a deep layer of the chest wall. Patients have severe chest pain that worsens each minute, and may be accompanied by a cough, or even shortness of breath. If there is no improvement, the patient can develop the sign of otitis media.Patient was treated in the hospital and discharged the following day.Patient was discharged 2 days later.Otitis Media has been treated with antibiotics 4 times, as noted by the X-ray. The patient is expected to live one year.Otitis Media vs PrognosisPatient was discharged back to the hospital 2 days after diagnosis with O'Hare's sign, which can occur with any type of chest infection, not just otitis media.  Otitis Media: Is the Treatment Different in Patients with Chest Pain  If the patient has chest pain and is not on antibiotics then they can be treated with antibiotics.  Otitis Media: Is Treatment Different in Patients with Chest Pain in the Elderly  Older patients in