PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

RESPONSE:

  (see WARNINGS) or allergic contact dermatitis (ACE/DR).  FETAL HEMATOLOGICAL OXYGENIC MALTOSENITIVE/TRANSMUTATION Defects/incompatibilities in certain vitamins and minerals, including manganese, magnesium, folic acid and iron.  DIGESTIVE BLEEDING Deficiency in vitamin B-12, vitamin B-6 and biotin.  Vitamin D Deficiency due to vitamin D deficiency.  Chronic alcoholism, heavy alcohol use, vitamin B side effect, and alcohol interactions.  Vitamin E Fatty Acids (also known as long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids), particularly alpha-tocopherol, n-3 fatty acids and gamma-tocopherol, as these are fat-soluble.  Glucose Toxicity Insulin resistance and hyperglycemia.  Cholecalciferol Fat-soluble vitamers (and sometimes beta-carotene and lycopene), including n-3, n-6, and alpha-tocopherol, particularly in combination with vitamin E.  Dietary Supplements May Contain High Vitamins for Specific Dietary Needs (See BODY WEIGHT CALCULATIONS)  CNS Stimulation Drug interactions with CNS stimulant medications, drugs that may interact with CNS stimulant medications, medications that may interact with CNS stimulant medications, and medications that may interact with CNS stimulant medications.  Dietary Supplements May Contain Vitamins, Minerals Known to Interfere with Dietary Supplements  The following supplements may affect the effectiveness of the following supplements:  Calcium  Dietary Supplements May Contain Minerals Known to Interfere with Dietary Supplements  The following supplements may affect the effectiveness of the following supplements:  B Vitamins  Niacin  Vitamin A  Riboflavin  Folate  Zinc  Magnesium  Calcium Dosing  Dietary supplements are available in 1,000-mg and 2,000-mg tablets.  If calcium is used to fill up the tablets, place the tablets on your tongue and swallow one tablet at a time. Do not swallow more than one tablet in a 24-hour period; this will result in gastrointestinal irritation.  For people who do not tolerate taking calcium tablets