PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Patient should follow up within 2 days and continue medications as prescribed

RESPONSE:

   Clinical Decision Making (CDC) Clinical decision making must include a multidisciplinary team that includes primary care providers, health care organizations, pharma and non-pharma partners. CDC is the center of excellence for clinical decision support within the health care system. The team includes clinical staff, technical staff, physicians, and researchers from various specialties. It includes an inpatient unit as inpatient care is crucial and the community is at risk.  CDC uses a patient-centered approach to clinical decision making. Patients and their families are involved in decision making. Families should have the opportunity to provide input during patient selection, consultation and decision making.  CDC uses a patient-centered approach to clinical decision making. Patients and their families are involved in decision making. Families should have the opportunity to provide input during patient selection, consultation and decision making. Patient Choice: Patients choose medications by selecting from a menu of medications, available generics, and specialty treatments.  Patients choose medications by selecting from a menu of medications, available generics, and specialty treatments. Evidence Based: Recommendations from CDC are based on scientific evidence, medical opinion, and best available evidence in light of the limitations in evidence and available opportunities for improving evidence for individual patient populations.  Recommendations from CDC are based on scientific evidence, medical opinion, and best available evidence in light of the limitations in evidence and available opportunities for improving evidence for individual patient populations. Medication Management Planning: For each patient, a plan is developed for using the medications and supports medications with a specific drug. The team provides a list of medications needed to address the specific treatment plan.  HIV Treatment  Many people live with HIV but never test positive for HIV and are not symptomatic. There are several reasons to consider testing:  Sexual activity with an HIV-infected partner or new sexual contact with an HIV-infected person   Having an HIV-positive friend who might be the source of a sexual or needle-sharing partner   Having a sexual partner with whom one would like to be tested for HIV but fears positive drug test results may jeopardize his or her legal rights and personal dignity   Having an HIV-positive child (birth to age 18)   Having an HIV-positive spouse or partner   Being an ethnic or racial minority in a community in which there are elevated risks of HIV infection   Pregnancy  Many women don't understand that HIV cannot be transmitted during pregnancy or childbirth. To learn more, click here.