PROMPT:

HPI The patient reports several symptoms associated with depression, including low enegery and irregular sleeping habits. The patient has

RESPONSE:

  been in remission from cancer since March 1997 and has been treated with chemotherapy twice while keeping his diabetes. The patient's symptoms are improving and he is also able to engage in activities which are normally very physically and mentally draining. If the patient's diabetes is monitored weekly then the probability of recurrent disease development should be greatly reduced.  The patient's response to treatment is very positive and is progressing rapidly. It has been found that the patient's glucose level may be lowered to 25–70 mg/dl from 140 mg/dl and in his urine by adding one or two gram of methyl glucuronide. The patient's serum uric acid level has dropped from 0.08–0.15 mg/dl and his GFR has increased from 1.5–1.9 ml/min to 1.5–2.5 ml/min.  The patient's blood glucose is monitored weekly and is being kept below the level of 7 mmol/l. His blood pressure is adjusted approximately every one to two weeks.  DIAGNOSIS:  GFR 5 ml/min/1.73 m2 (mmHg)  Liver functions are normal.  HEALTH CARE EXPERIENCE  Medical history:  The patient has been on full medical care since his diagnosis.  Diagnostic tests:  His blood pressure has been measured regularly and is normal except in high stress situations. He has been in remission since 1997.  SCHIZOPHRENIA:  In 2007, the patient was diagnosed as a schizophrenic and diagnosed by history and clinical evaluation. He was treated with antipsychotics for 5–6 years and was taking 10-15 mg of diazepam, 3-5 mg of clonazepam and lorazepam. Diazepam has been removed in December 2007 and a subcutaneous dose of clonazepam and lorazepam was continued from December 27, 2007. It is thought that the antipsychotics helped to control his psychosis symptoms but the discontinuation of the antipsychotics could result in new psychotic symptoms. Diazepam has been removed from the patient's treatment and a subcutaneous dose of clonazepam and lorazepam is continued from December 27, 2007.  His blood pressure is being stabilized and he is not taking antipsychotics anymore.  Current medications:  The current medications are continued and are: lorazep