PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making: Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

RESPONSE:

  until complete clearance, see physician if need for additional testing. In patients known to be at risk of cardiac arrest, obtain cardiac biomarker or other information during initial evaluation. Administer oxygen immediately. If cardiac arrest occurs in this patient, perform CPR and transport to an emergency department. Do not attempt CPR in this patient if it was not started prior to arrival on the ward. Resuscitate if no other means of resuscitation has been successful.  Severe Cardiac Events  All patients with life-threatening cardiac arrest should receive:  A standard resuscitation protocol  Administration of IV fluids to replace electrolytes lost in dehydration and prevent hyponatremia (reduced sodium levels)  Monitoring blood pressure via the chest strap before infusion of adrenaline (if needed) or other vasoactive medication  Prophylactic antibiotics to prevent septic shock  Fetal resuscitation within the first 24 to 48 hours of life to control the increased maternal blood pressure.  Phenobarbital is the primary sedative to support the patient. The appropriate starting dose is 15 mg and has been recently revised in the literature as 2.5 mg initially in an individual with shock or imminent cardiac arrest.  The dose may be increased in order to support the patient and to support the EMS responders.  Management of Shock  Intubation  Patients with a history of cardiac failure, shock, or ventricular arrhythmias should be intubated during cardiac arrest and the time to intubate is as important as the time for extubation. It is important to allow sufficient sedation for an adequately supported extubated patient who is being transported to a hospital. For patients whose cardiac rhythm cannot be reliably monitored by monitor-guided mechanical ventilation, the duration of ventilation may be extended for a few minutes in order to allow adequate sedation prior to starting mechanical ventilation.  Intubation or the use of airway device can be accomplished with an in-line (intubation aid or airway device) or an out-of-line (airway device or endotracheal tube) airway. In out-of-line airways, the use of a bag device is preferable. A bag-valve-mask can provide ventilation during intubation. If the patient is conscious, the patient should be placed on a ventilator with supplemental oxygen, and the position of airway should be documented and monitored. If the patient is unconscious