PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making: She suffered a mild transient ischemia attack although was discharged from the ED with family to home.

RESPONSE:

  He stated that she "became aggressive and was refusing care." The patient presented with the following presentation: Headache, visual hallucinations, abdominal pain. The ED physician stated that she was having a seizure. The family stated that the patient had been in a vegetative state for 6 days. It was noted that the patient "has not been able to eat in 48 hours and has a low energy level." She was placed in a ventilator and started on a feeding tube. The patient's body temperature did not stabilize during the observation period. The patient's heart rate did not normalize and her respiration was variable. On the seventh day, there was no changes in the patient's physical examination, although her heart rate was still low. The physician considered that her behavior and the behavior of her child, "did not meet the criteria for any of the neurological diagnoses such as epilepsy. She is not showing any signs of seizures or any other psychiatric manifestation." The neurologist determined that her brain activity was unchanged after the event, and did not agree with any of the interpretations of the events by the ED family physician. The family physician considered that the symptoms were unrelated to the trauma, and believed that her child had a seizure disorder. It appeared that the patient was not showing any signs of seizures or any other psychiatric manifestation during the observation period of 12 hours or less and that the episode would normalize. The family physician recommended an EEG (Electroencephalogram) and performed the following examination: EEG. The EEG showed that a partial EEG (8-12 Hz), with a spike during the 2-minute recording. This spike lasted for 6 seconds and was not prolonged. The patient was also seen by the neurologist the same day.  Cardiovascular System: the patient was diagnosed with a ST segment depression on the 12-lead ECG. She was treated by antibiotics and was discharged home on the same day.  Psychiatric System: The neurology patient was evaluated on a semi-structured interview with family and physician, and was seen by the neurologist the same day.  Physical Examination: The patient was found to have no signs of trauma but had a slight headache. Her eyes were shut with a clear corneal opacity and her pupils were dilated. She also showed no abnormalities in her heart rate or blood pressure. The patient's height was 160 cm. Her weight was 77 kg. She did not have any bruises or lacerations.  Case 2  The patient presented in the emergency room