PROMPT:

History of Present Illness This patient present with symptoms of arthritis and joint pain. He has been taking ibuprofen daily but recently reports pain the morning which has intensified. 

RESPONSE:

  He has been seeing an ENT physician for the last 6 years who has failed to offer any treatment in this situation.  Since beginning an off-label use of ibuprofen it has only worsened his symptoms.  A recent exam by the attending ER medical provider found a mild acute inflammatory reaction in the joint.  Since the inflammatory reactions are minor the chance of major harm to the joint is very small.  As such we have not ordered any tests.  At this point all that is known is that we have to find as many answers as we can to get the doctor off his butt and give the patient something! The History of the Patient The patient has been a resident of San Mateo for approximately 5 years.  He has had a significant life history with the most significant event being a traumatic brain injury 10 years ago.  The injury left him unable to speak, but still able to walk.  Over the years the man has had a variety of problems including two knee replacement surgeries, as well as knee replacement surgery on one hand and shoulder in 2007.  In 2010 the man had a major episode with his wife with the same issues, so he has spent inpatient treatment in a facility.  He has had one back surgery for a hernia as well.  In 2012 he presented with a family member requesting he go see a doctor.  At this point the man had not been seeing a specialist for many years and he had no idea about what to do.  His only treatment had been ibuprofen.  He tried the treatment many years back when he was suffering with a herniated disc in his back and with other conditions, but it did not do anything.  He had started with 3 gums daily.  He used different flavors for different situations.  He had a good diet (eating foods he enjoyed).  Most important to a medical professional is the patient's overall health history.  It is important for a medical professional who is unsure about the patient's history to take time to gather more information at the time of presentation.  In this case the man was not using any prescription drugs in the year prior to the diagnosis and the man was a smoker.  It is also important to note that the man is not someone to pick a fight, so this is not a case that has been treated with a major dose of confrontation or even any form of bullying.  He has not had