PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  This is a 72-year-old male with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with previous coronary artery bypass graft

RESPONSE:

 , chronic bronchitis with emphysema, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, history of pulmonary hypertension, history of coronary heart disease, and an isolated pulmonary thrombus with a previous positive endoscopy for acute myocardial infarction.  History of previous myocardial infarction: No  Age, years: 62  Body mass index, kg/m2: 28  Breathing: Hypotensive, sedated (1.6–2.1; with 1.6–2.1 normal or resting heart rate)  BMC: N/A  Thyroid: Normal  Genetic: NONE  Radiology: Normal: Abnormal (eg, atrial fibrillation or congenital cardiac defects)  Case Report A 42-year-old white female presented to the ED with a history of fever of 38 degrees C with an agitated respiratory rate. Blood cultures were negative. Oxygen saturation was 104%, respiratory rate 58/min, pulse rate 140 beats/min. During the patient's history, the subject mentioned her difficulty in sleeping and a headache that her husband had mentioned in the past. The patient was discharged with treatment for a cough.  Discussion While it has been proven that the blood-brain barrier (BBB) affects the passage of certain agents across this barrier during intoxication, no significant evidence exists regarding the relative importance of the BBB in drug-induced hypoxic and hypercapnic states.1 The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the BBB permeability in acutely dying rats after ethanol. This was done by examination of BBB permeability to ethanol in relation to the changes in brain- and/or spinal-cranial oxygen levels and the subsequent effects on regional cerebral ischemia. In order to examine the effects of ethanol on the BBB, rats were first administered an ethyl-alcohol dosage for 14 days. After the 14-day period, rats were anaesthetized (xylazine 0.25%) and then intracardially perfused with isoflurane. Afterwards, the rats were perfused transcardially with an isoflurane–ethanol mixture (0.2–1 mL/kg) from cannula 1 at the right ventricle. Blood obtained 30 and 45 min after a subcutaneous injection of ethanol was subjected to hematoxylin-eosin staining. This study was done with approval from