PROMPT:

AP:  56 year old patient with history of AML without CNS involvement who is status post successful 7+3 induction therapy being admitted for acute myocardial infarction

RESPONSE:

  and is on high risk aspirin. The cardiopulmonary resuscitation protocol is being discussed as he has been stabilized with the use of a continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) machine. Is the patient still compatible with the machine and would it be desirable if a chest x-ray were taken prior to the initiation of therapy? Or, would the patient be better off with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) alone, or would a noninvasive way of measuring airway pressure be an acceptable option?  A) (my notes are in paragraph)   Yes. The patient is ready and is suitable for the machine. I do not want to delay any longer on my usual approach to resuscitation to allow the patient to get ready for this. I see both the positive and negative pressure characteristics of the CPAP device in this patient. It would be useful to be able to document the airway pressure to better target airway pressure for the machine. In addition, I would recommend a chest x-ray to the patient prior to initiating therapy to assess airway pressure and to evaluate the patient's overall cardiopulmonary status. (my notes on paragraph is in the paragraph).   B) For patients at risk for airway compromise  The chest x-ray is recommended (if present) just prior to starting CPAP if the patient has not had chest x-rays or other screening tests for pulmonary disease. If the patient has had chest x-rays or chest imaging for pulmonary disease, but their current CPAP machine is not compatible with the machine, then no further evaluation of the patient for pulmonary disease is necessary at this time.  There have been a few recent studies to evaluate the use of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) alone vs. CPAP and CPAP+CRP (CPAP plus C-Reactive Protein). The conclusion was that CPAP alone is still associated with significant adverse effects while CPAP plus C-Reactive Protein provided improved outcomes. It is also recommended that patients who have previously had an airway infection be placed on a similar device and receive the same therapy as for a noninfected patient.  C-Reactive Protein is a measure of the extent to which the immune system attacks the body and is a component of many auto immune disease (AID) syndromes. Some of these syndromes consist of AIDs associated with severe pulmonary and systemic illness.   Evaluation and therapy for a patient that has previously received the highest