PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making: Patient will continue medications and therapy at home. Follow-up with her PCP is recommended within the next 7 days

RESPONSE:

 .  Clinical Management:  Patient's medications (as appropriate) can be changed to allow her to safely participate in rehabilitation.  Patients should also be instructed on the importance of good patient-physician communication. The therapist's role should be described clearly and honestly, even if some of the details are confidential.  Patients should be encouraged to engage with their mental health providers and family concerning their mental health history and treatment needs.  Patients should be counseled regarding the potential risks of psychiatric drugs, which include dependence, abuse and withdrawal. For more details, please refer to the full Clinical Guidelines.  Patients are encouraged or required to complete additional screening by their primary health care provider.  Affected Persons:  The affected person(s) will be referred to a psychologist, psychiatrist or mental health professional in their community with expertise in issues related to psychiatric disorders.  All affected persons are instructed to discontinue their own medications and pursue alternative treatment if deemed appropriate in their treatment plan.  Symptoms:  The person experiencing the anxiety or depression is typically aware of the signs and symptoms, and is not experiencing psychosis.  Persons experiencing the cognitive symptoms should be encouraged to seek further help with their issues. It may be helpful to discuss the issue with some or all of the affected person's caregivers.  Patients are advised to continue with adequate sleep, nutrition and hydration, and follow a complete medical program consisting of all medications prescribed; as needed.  Persons may have a sense of being trapped, and may need support in addressing issues related to housing, education, career, transportation and/or living with a family member.  Clinical Management:  It is best to involve the affected person(s) in their care and management process, and to allow this person to make good decisions on their own with the assistance and support of other members of the healthcare team. All affected persons should seek the counsel of a qualified mental health professional regarding appropriate treatment.  Persons who experience the cognitive symptoms are usually aware that they are occurring and can choose to continue with their treatment and progress at their own pace.  Persons with the cognitive symptoms may continue with or change medication or therapy in an attempt to manage their symptoms.  When it is determined that medication or therapy is not effective, the person should take steps toward recovery.  In some cases, individuals who experience cognitive symptoms can consider pursuing a course of psychotherapy"