PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery.

RESPONSE:

  The fetus had been delivered earlier on Jan 1st with the midwife having indicated pre-term labor and a positive pregnancy test. The baby girl had a low gestational age at birth of 41 weeks and 8 days and was the 2nd of two girls.  Procedure:  The uterus was divided into two chambers. One was an abdominal aorta from 7 cm to 11 cm in diameter and was divided in half. The aorta was ligated at the ends of the second chambers with sutures and then an internal cadaver cord was attached. Once the uterus was split in half the aorta was attached to the cadaver cord using a short and flexible suture. The cord was then secured with a short line through the aorta. A large abdominal incision was made parallel to the femoral axis. The abdomen was then divided into the upper and lower thirds, with a small incision at the level of the iliac crest. The vagina was cut to expose the rectum. The cervix was incised at the base with the aim of opening the cervix with sutures and then removing the uterus from the pelvis.  Rupture of uterine wall from the cervix to the level of the hymen. [Credit: Astrid Strydom, CC BY-SA 3.0, via Wikimedia Commons]  The aortic ligated the second chamber of the uterus. The umbilical cord was delivered. The aorta was left for 2-3 days for blood circulation. The aorta was repaired by reinsertion of the two small ends of the cadaver cord. The sutures were allowed to heal at the level of the incision to allow the repair of the uterine wall, resulting in a small and incisional incision. A larger incision was made in the same location at the level of the hymen. The uterus was then resected at a larger incision. The uterus was then divided in half to deliver the uterine body and then it was reconnected to the cadaver cord. Two tubes of amniotic fluid and one smaller tube of cervical mucus were provided to the delivery team.  Prenatal testing & diagnosis: An ultrasound scan with an obstructed view was performed during the course of the labor to detect a possible pregnancy during the course of the pregnancy. The obstructed view of the scan was not possible due to a surgical intervention between