PROMPT:

Assessment: The patient is scheduled for follow-up with his PCP in two weeks

RESPONSE:

  to assess the progress of his infection.  Outcome: The patient's condition worsens in two weeks.  Conclusion: This study showed the efficacy of the novel nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, mefenamic acid, used in conjunction with a cyclophosphamide antibiotic in the treatment of C. difficile infection.  Comments: I used this information to guide my study of the role of mefenamic acid in the treatment of C. difficile infection.  N Engl J Med 1997 Jan 5;347(20):1695-603.  Treatment of a case of C. difficile infection with ceftriaxone and mefenamic acid.  Soron P, Löfström-Stahlbeck K, Östholt J, Röger A, Berggren J, Pang T, Schilling J, Gjertsen D.  Department of Pediatric Infectious Diseases and Pediatrics, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.  Correspondence: Dr. Soron, Department of Pediatric Infectious Diseases and Pediatrics, Karolinska Institutet, P.O.Box 1168, 501 8 Stockholm, Swedish Medical Centre, Sweden. E-mail: [email protected] .  Date Received: March 22, 1997.  Accepted: August 1, 1997.  Published: September 17, 1997. .  The current case was an 18-month-old baby who presented with two days of bloody diarrhea. In addition to bloody diarrhea, the patient also had vomiting, dyspnea, and increased blood volume. The mother, upon learning that the baby had C. difficile infections, sent a sample of faecal sample to the laboratory for tests, which revealed a C. difficile-resistant isolates, which were identified through their antimicrobial susceptibility pattern. The family did not seek medical attention but had continued to take the family antibiotics without any apparent benefit.  The case report concluded that the case was a case of C. difficile infection and that the antibiotic mefenamic acid was successful in treating this infection and could have been used to treat this patient for at least two weeks.  Discussion: One possible explanation for the unexpected response of faecal samples that were not resistant to vancomycin to vancomycin might have been due to the presence of vancomycin in