PROMPT:

Assessment: Routine discharge to nursing home is scheduled for this afternoon. Patient should continue with physical and occupationsl therapy to regain strength

RESPONSE:

  and muscle control.  Report: Patient remains in a ventilator awaiting discharge.  Clinical Course: Respiratory infection, pneumonia, and abdominal pain have all occurred. Physical deterioration and increased muscle temperature have been noted with the exacerbation of the pneumonia. The patient is now losing bone mass and muscle mass.   6-22-06  Nurse #2-Pneumonia Patient  Recovery: Received a "counseling" at 9:45 AM; discharged home shortly thereafter.  Recovery: Was very ill on Day 3. Respiratory infection, with mucus, was noted as the initial diagnosis.  Report: Physician has instructed respiratory therapist to administer "counseling" to the new primary patient at 8:30 AM.  Clinical Course: Infection is considered a potential risk. Physical therapy is scheduled to begin at 10 AM.  12-13-06  Nurse #3-Patient with Chest Pain   Recovery: Received "counseling" at 2:30 PM; continued through the afternoon.  Recovery: Patient is improving.  Report: Physical therapist is instructed to continue with a "counseling" regimen to the new primary patient's chest pain, in order to determine whether chest pain is related to the pneumonia or merely symptomatic.   12-20-06  Nurse #3-CANCER Patient  Recovery: Sent to the rehabilitation facility at 11 PM on Day 3, admitted back into the care of the nursing home at 1 AM the following morning, and released home at 5 PM. (This patient is an employee of an ambulance company).   Recovery: No other complications noted. Received "counseling" at 7:30 AM; discharged home at 11 AM.  8-08-07  Nurse/Physician #3-Pneumonia  Recovery: Physical therapist continued "counseling" regimen and continued care with other nursing staff.  Report: Physical therapy was discontinued on Day 4.  Clinical Course: Physical therapist will be instructed to continue with "counseling" routine to the newly discharged patient's chest pain.  12-13-07  Patient with Chest Pain Recovered: Patient discharged into the care of the nursing home at 9 PM on Day 3.  Report: The patient remained in a "c