PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL The patient presents with allergic rhinitis and a history of GERD and concerns about sleep apnea. 

RESPONSE:

  The patient is prescribed an oral decongestant (decongestant combined with beta-2 agonists) which also affects sleep apnea.  The patient states during the last 2-3 minutes on each breath he has experienced difficulty breathing.  The patient also has an occasional history of difficulty breathing following a heart attack, or other coronary event.  There is also a history of asthma.  There is no history of diabetes, thyroid dysfunction, cardiac, pulmonary, renal, or neurological dysfunction.  The patient takes some vitamin supplementation while on medication.  There is a history of a previous attack of asthma during her lifetime.  The patient attends a well-known sleep apnea clinic for a routine diagnostic evaluation and treatment.  The patient has been prescribed a beta-blocker in addition to the daily oral decongestant.  The patient is able to return home after 2-3 days, but does not feel better.  She takes the oral decongestant at bedtime.  She is still experiencing difficulty breathing.  During the second week in the sleep apnea clinic the patient is taken by ambulance to the emergency department, as she was not feeling well as she left the clinic. THE PENIS AND TUMORS  The patient is not pregnant. The patient is aware of recent research linking alcohol use to high-grade prostate cancer in men, which may increase the risk for a serious adverse consequence of treatment for her condition.  The patient's oncologist has determined that additional therapy with a PSA blood test may be helpful to establish a firm diagnosis and further guide therapy.  The patient's oncologist has recommended that she see a prostate specialist.  The patient sees a urologist in the ER, as a urologist may be able to help interpret the results of the PSA tests.  The oncologist believes that the patient might be a candidate for radical prostatectomy.  The patient is referred for a radiology referral by her oncologist, and is not interested in this treatment as she is aware that many radiation treatments have dangerous and life-threatening side-effects.  The radiology referral is not pursued.  The patient's oncologist agrees to let the urologists know if the patient would be interested in undergoing PSA testing before radical or minimally invasive surgery.  The patient continues to complain of nocturnal episodes of difficulty breathing that do not relieve and have a short duration after awakening.  She has not