PROMPT:

AP:  Patient should follow up within 2 days and continue medications as prescribed

RESPONSE:

 .  PHARMACOKINETICS: Possible side effects include headache, dizziness, shortness of breath, skin rash, and urinary retention of potassium. Patients should follow their diabetes medications. If side effects occur, consult a health care provider.  SIDE EFFECTS: Avoid long-term use of acetaminophen (Tylenol) because it can worsen the development of cancer and liver disease. Because of possible cardiovascular side effects including increased rates of hospitalization and death, these drugs should be used with care.  ADVERSE REACTIONS: There have been reports of liver toxicity, including severe and potentially fatal hepatitis. Acetaminophen has also been linked to severe allergic reactions, including anaphylactic shock, angioedema and rash. This should be reported promptly to your physician.  HOW SUPPLIED:  Alginate (acetaminophen & tretinoin ophthalmic solution, 1%) 1.8 mL/0.6 mL caplet each: Available in a single-use caplet provided in a clear plastic case with a plastic top.   Store at 21°C (70°F) [see USP], undisturbed, in a tightly closed container.   Keep out of sight of children.  RECOMMENDED DOSAGE: For infants and children less than 6 months old: 0.6 mL/0.36 mL/0.8 cc of caplet  For infants and children 6 months to 2 years old: 1.2 mL/0.6 mL/0.8 cc of caplet   Dosage may be adjusted by your pharmacist based on your individual conditions. Use this product with caution in a child younger than 2 ½ years of age.  Rx only (in person)  Alginate (acetaminophen & tretinoin ophthalmic solution, 1%) 1.8 mL/0.6 mL per 0.2 cc caplet per 0.75 cc caplet caplet caplet  Tretinoin, 5% and 2% (in person)  Alginate (acetaminophen & tretinoin ophthalmic solution, 1%) 1.8 mL/0.6 mL per 0.2 cc caplet per 0.75 cc caplet caplet caplet  This Patient Information document is an intended informational aid only and does not replace your personal medical care or professional judgment. You must