PROMPT:

HPI Patient has concerns including Rash. Itchy rash started yesterday AM on face. Was red, faded, then more red and tender in afternoon. Took benadryl once yesterday with history of no new food or products

RESPONSE:

  since last 2 days. My doctor is concerned about this, not about the itching or rash, but the history of food etc. He suggested the cream and I plan to try. Is it necessary though? I am not trying to cause trouble, just want the right cream for my skin. I know its not as simple as one says, but I want to know if that is the answer.  anon98982  Post 13 If I have a rash or itchy face it is usually due to acne but occasionally it is a result of viral infection. I have been taking Bifidobacterium bifidum. I have seen the symptoms for many people who had viral infection. I noticed when I started taking it that my skin would get a lot tingling or burning when I got a little sun or water (not hot or cold). I would have a mild infection and then I would get a rash and have a rash. It is usually caused by an undergrowth of bacteria around a virus or bacteria which is growing so that it doesn't get noticed. If you are not sure it may be good to consult with a dermatologist to find out. view entire post  anon98694  Post 12 I was just told this morning by a dermatologist that I have something called atopic eczema. And after listening to you all on this forum it sounds like you are probably just using a different word for the same thing. And I know a dermatologist that had an allergy to something in a product called antihistamines before they started using the allergy medication i.d. And she said that a lot of allergy sufferers will have reactions to any medications and just need to be told about the allergy before they start taking them to prevent things from being worse if you got it before they were prescribed and are sensitive. And it has nothing to do with atopic eczema or allergies.  anon98471  Post 11 i have had allergic dermatitis for almost a decade. i have taken several antihistamines and steroids and they do nothing to cure my problem. i am convinced that the real answer is the creams and gels. I have tried several out the counter products and they only keep the itching worse as my skin becomes thinner and more delicate. i am in my mid-30's and have tried nearly all the creams out there, especially antihistamines. i have always been happy with these products but they only made the itching worse, like taking a big hit of