PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 27w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions.

RESPONSE:

  Patient had had her first prenatal appointment on 3/3/16.  PERSONAL INFORMATION Mother was born 3/04/87 in San Diego, CA to Dr. and Mrs. Cone. Mother has a prior history of chronic hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and obesity. Mother was treated for hypertension at 34w0d at University of California, San Diego. Currently on oral medication for diabetes, obesity and hypertension.  ROUTINE EXAMINATION Mother has one mild abdominal hernia. Patient is sedated, with no pain. Mother was advised to remove the hernia through laparotomy. Patient is awake. She reports no pain or discomfort, no swelling, no perforation and no infection. Patient was advised to have her hernia repaired by another surgeon. A second opinion was obtained by a gastroenterologist/preexpert, who concurred with the original assessment. The procedure was completed and the patient was discharged from the hospital (she did not have postoperative complications). She was seen by an ob/gyn for an adjustment to her medication. Per her usual care she has had a double incision (laparotomy) to obtain both hernia and endometriosis surgery.  OBJECTIVE: A laparoscopic endometrioscopy and excision was performed for endometrial cancer and fibroids.  CLINICAL PHYSIOLOGY: Endometrial cancer was confirmed by clinical examination. The endometrial cancer was found throughout the endometriose layer, including the lobules. She had ovarian and menstrual tumors. Fibroids were confirmed by a laparoscopic examination and examination of the gallbladder.  EXHIBITATION A laparoscopic endometrioscopy and excision was performed by two board certified doctors. The endometrioscopy found fibroids, ovarian and menstrual tumors. In addition, there was a total ovarian incision on the right side. The right ovary was excised after the laparotomy and was seen by a gynecologist who examined it for signs of disease  CONCLUSION: This was a simple procedure with excellent patient success. An ovarian incision was performed on the right ovary. One ovarian tumor and several fibroids were found. The patient made a full recovery and is currently discharged from the hospital. Her gynecologist examined her right ovary for abnormalities after the laparotomy and found none. Although endometriosis may be common with