PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE Seen and examined. Pain controlled. Tolerating diet. Feeling well. 

RESPONSE:

 _______________________ The doctor had just handed a large dose of medication for my anxiety, for my depression, for my panic attacks. The doctor was not happy with the results of my previous test. For all of the past few months, I had been struggling. My family was struggling. Everything was trying to kill me. Not just me, but everyone and everything around me. My relationship was going downhill, and I was not going to be able to handle the stress at my job. Then I found out it was my anxiety that was killing my relationship. I was not happy about how much money was going to hurt my boyfriend because he was not in a panic attack mode anymore. He could feel a physical wave of what seemed like an energy running through him but it quickly dissolved into a dull "hurry up, we'll be there." It was painful as hell. This would be my most recent episode. It started like nothing, but soon became very clear to me that this was about to be a huge episode. I was still sitting out in the cold reading and my doctor had a lot to do with that. I was so out of it, it seemed as if something had snapped. All I wanted to do was lay down and fall asleep. I wanted sleep and relief. I wanted to sleep and have no stress. I had read through every book out there, to no avail. The only thing I was able to get past was the part that said there was no cure. It was impossible to figure out how to make me calm down. I have been to multiple health care providers, to various doctors, and found nothing. There was no real idea of what they could do. After seeing my health care provider, we finally sat down and he asked me what I had been doing in the past few months. I had nothing. I had not medicated, I had not been to an outside doctor. I just couldn't get help. This was something I was dealing with for years, in the past few months though it had gotten worse. For all of my friends and family, I was not happy about where I was in my life, because I was so out of it, but they were in no position to help me. I had become very dependent on the medication I was on. Everything that came along seemed to only provide temporary relief from my anxiety disorder. I finally came to a point where I just couldn't take it anymore. I was going into a medical emergency and I needed them to get me help. I wanted them to be