PROMPT:

HPI Comments The patient is a 57 y.o. male presenting with chest pain and shortness of breath

RESPONSE:

  for more than a week. He is not receiving any treatment for his breathing problem.   A radiograph of his chest is suggestive of a right coronary artery occlusion (RCO). His family history suggests familial angina. The patient is also on hemodialysis and is in pain. The radiograph and blood work do not show significant symptoms of myocardial infarction (MI) or hypertension. The patient states that he has been taking acetaminophen for about 10 years for a heartburn attack which now seems to be in remission (see below).   What does the pathophysiology of ARDS look like?  An initial evaluation can be done as follows.  What is the diagnosis?  An initial medical, radiologic, echocardiographic, and blood work evaluation can be helpful in the identification of ARDS.  The most common clinical manifestation of ARDS is as chest pain (angina/chest discomfort) in a patient with acute coronary syndrome. Angina is more likely on exertion after an acute myocardial infarction. However, there may be angina without chest pain. Another form (myocarditis) is secondary to myocardial ischemia, and the pain is not ischemic. In these patients, the physician may use "chest pain with angina" to classify the illness or just treat as usual.  Arrhythmias will often be the first symptoms. If cardiac ischemia (or infarction) is suspected, it is imperative to perform a echocardiogram to determine if there is pericarditis. The cause of acute myocardial infarction is a topic for debate and may or may not be chest pain.  However, there will be a very common (i.e. 80%) diagnosis of ARDS when both:  1. The patient complains of chest pain.   2. There is NO history or other evidence of angina or other myocardial infarction.   Other manifestations of ARDS that would be helpful are a left anterior descending coronary artery (LAD), a troponin T/T-2 level higher than 3/10, or a troponin T/T-2 level lower than 2/10 (this could change to a more specific troponin T/T-2 level based on a specific history).  A chest x-ray is not helpful to diagnose ARDS because if the patient is