PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE This is a follow-up visit from prior encounter for back pain. The patient is continuing physicial therapy and OTC medications to manage the pain

RESPONSE:

 . He/she was referred by a primary care physician. The patient is a male in his 30s, 5'10", 210lbs and he has shoulder pain in his right shoulder, just above the elbow. The patient's physical therapist has been working with him for the past 4 months to reduce the pain and improve function. The primary care practitioner referred the patient and had been trying for 3 months to get the patient on a stronger NSAID/pain reliever in order to limit pain and reduce inflammation. The patient's family has also been trying to get the patient on strong NSAIDs. No other interventions have been used. The patient is currently on low dose Prednisone and Aleve and Tylenol for pain control and is taking an NSAID but his pain is still moderate to strong and not improving. He has been prescribed Percocet for pain control since May 2015. (Including a dose of 100 mg/day for the past 3 months) The patient's goal is to gradually increase the dosage and use a stronger NSAID. A few observations: The patient still doesn't have good arm strength. His right shoulder does get sore the day of treatment. At the time of this visit, he was using a 2 finger, open hand and forearm grip and was able to do this while standing. Two weeks ago, the patient did a weighted vest for 4 reps of 10RM and had a strong contraction. This was a great improvement. He is able to reach his right arm with his hands together with a little resistance. The patient has been doing the exercise in a gym and has been able to complete it, but it has been on a very short rest period. He should have the option of performing an upper body exercise as well, as it is known that he can recruit the bicep and forearm muscles more than he can his triceps. The patient does all the hand exercises correctly and with full depth of motion to complete.  In an outpatient encounter, we were able to document some issues with a right shoulder masseter muscle injury:  VASADIAC LEVEL: 6.75 (CATEGORY: IAT/EIM)  DISCUSSION:  Radiologic findings were normal.  PATIENT REVIEW:  No history of shoulder pain or trauma.  STUDY DESCRIPTION:  Case report.  CONCLUSION:  This is a case report of an obese patient who had a right shoulder masseter muscle injury