PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION This is a follow-up visit from prior encounter for back pain. The patient is continuing physicial therapy and OTC medications to manage the pain

RESPONSE:

 . Physical therapy includes strengthening and strengthening with load bearing exercises such as walking, tai chi, and walking with a cane. We have included the information on self-management of chronic pain, pain management tools, and use of non-drug therapies. If the patient has not yet done any of these, we will ask if you would like any of these as outlined earlier, such as cognitive counseling, psychotherapy, and/or pain management tools such as homeopathy, acupressure, yoga, and acupuncture. If the patient is an inpatient we will ask if this patient would benefit from any of these services on a continuing basis.  WHAT WE CAN DERIVE FROM THIS HEALTH CARE REFERRAL FORM:  The patient's history and evaluation  The patient's physical history and examination  The patient's health care-seeking goals  The current symptoms and activities which are limiting the patient's activities  For the assessment of pain and symptom evaluation  The patient's self-managing goals for pain management  A discussion regarding potential future management  What the patient wants us to ask:  Is the patient a "self-managing" patient or not?  What is the patient's experience for pain management?  Can the patient choose a better pain management system?  What additional resources could be helpful for pain management?  Would you use any of the following resources? Do you want us to recommend any further resources?  If the patient has already used drugs and is using them now:  Do you have any suggestions for the patient regarding how to change their pain management?  What are the patient's pain management goals?  What is stopping the patient from pursuing pain management?  How can the team work together towards pain management goals?  If the patient is NOT using drugs, but does enjoy the benefits of physical therapy:  Would you recommend the patient use additional strategies for pain management?  Are there other activities the patient could have when not doing physical therapy?  What is a good physical therapy exercise to do?  What exercise should the patient exercise on the days when they can not exercise?  Is the patient currently doing an activity that is too strenuous for them?  Do you need the patient to do more physical therapy?  What additional strategies could the patient use to do physical therapy when they are not doing physical therapy?  In addition to the questions below, we will ask