PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 27w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions.

RESPONSE:

  Her previous doctor also reported no complaints. We have noted a slight vaginal odor as well. The OBGYN notes mild contractions in other areas of the abdomen, but no other pain. Patient says her water broke about 6 months ago when she was pregnant. She also has a history of a previous miscarriage. She has been seeing her OBGYN on the third floor now for a few weeks. Patient reports that her water broke 3 days prior to the visit and then broke again 2 days before her prenatal visit. Patient was very concerned with the breakages, but did indicate that she had a history of recurrent miscarriage(s). Her mother noticed bleeding, but did not think of her water breaking again as the reason for the bleeding. Patient's mother has requested, and has received, a sonogram. A positive pregnancy test will be repeated shortly after the sonogram results are in. A urine sample has been taken as part of the patient's history. A normal pregnancy test will be requested by the doctor at the next prenatal visit. There is no evidence of infection to date.  DELIENNE KENNETH 1 1 1 0  Patient had just completed prenatal exams at my offices and wanted an additional evaluation for her water breakage. We requested ultrasound exam and ultrasound of her water breaking. The urine sample showed no abnormalities. I will recommend that she be referred to a local ER doc to rule out any underlying medical issues.  BRITTANY JOYCE 1 1 0 0  This woman is a 22 ww/1d baby in her seventh week of pregnancy. She has had no symptoms.  BRITTANY JOYCE 8 5 0 0  The patient, age 20-24 weeks, was seen for her scheduled 3rd Pregnancy Checkup. (It was performed while she was in labor). She was found to be in a very deep labor, and was rushed to the ER right away. The baby showed no sign of distress or any other unusual symptoms for the third trimester. This was verified by the OB who did an ultrasound and noted no abnormal findings. The pregnancy was terminated and the mother was taken to the hospital to be admitted. It was ruled that she had an uncomplicated third trimester miscarriage.  BRIANCE A. WELCH 1 1 0 0  This patient was seen on the 3rd of February for a routine checkup. The baby was found in the breech position and was unresponsive. This woman had a history of