PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): The patient is scheduled for follow-up with his PCP in two weeks

RESPONSE:

  (two months on or off the meds) at his or her convenience. You would contact your patient when available but it can be best to have him or her call for an early appointment, since then the doctor can be present to discuss any concerns about the medication.  In the meantime, the patient is asked to keep a diary of all symptoms, side effects, physical exam, ECG results, and any other information that may affect the doctor's decision.  At this point the next step is to provide a written history of all medications you have taken (including vitamins) for months since the start of therapy. To do so, the doctor checks the patient's pharmacy records for each medication (you should have copies of them by date), and provides any additional information needed to document the history.  An individualized treatment plan is provided:  Medication history—the doctor will review the records to make sure that at the appropriate stage of the illness, you were well-prepared.  Patient goals—the doctor must evaluate your physical, emotional, and psychological state in the context of the medications to guide therapeutic decisions. For example, some of the common goals for patients may include "I am getting better," "I am happy," and "I am able to function at work."  Medications—the doctor reviews the medication records for each illness to make sure they are appropriate, effective, and tolerated by you. For example, a specific medication may be needed to reduce fatigue in people with fibromyalgia.  In addition the doctor examines your medical and physical history (including any adverse events related to the medications), and will probably ask about the patient's lifestyle (how often does the person take medications, when do they take them?).  The doctor also evaluates your medications on a "typical" course of action (i.e., is the medication working well? How long do the usual courses of action last?) in comparison to the course of action recommended by your prescribing physician. You may have to alter the dosage and frequency of medication. A typical course of action is the same as recommendations provided by a physician for a specific illness.  If there are any questions, ask your patient or primary care doctor.  If the patient is on medications, he or she should be monitored by a PCP.  Other Options  For people who have not received adequate attention to their physical, emotional, and mental health and have become unresponsive (mildly depressed) as a