PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist

RESPONSE:

 /lung specialist for evaluation and treatment. The patient has normal respiratory function. The patient is a white male between the ages of 40 and 60 years with no smoking history, no history of emphysema, and no medical diagnoses of pulmonary disease or diabetes in the last 2 years. The patient has no past medical history of asthma or chronic bronchitis. As his lungs are considered stable, he can be managed on his own. In our practice, we have treated many patients with this disease to date. (Note: Pulmonary function tests, including the "pulley test" and "pulley depth" are performed in every patient with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.)  Description: This patient was observed to inhale air at a rate of 25 breaths/minute. He displayed "breathing difficulty," "spontaneous coughing," "shortness of breath," and decreased exercise capacity for the first 2 hours following his arrest. The patient was intubated and sedated, underwent chest radiography and airway analysis, and showed positive for pulmonary edema and pulmonary function tests. An echocardiogram documented a normal left ventricular ejection fraction (LVFE), heart rate of 45 beats/minute, heart pressure of 80/60 mmHg, serum sodium <100 mEq/l, and serum potassium <95 mEq/l. His oxygen saturation (s), heart rate, or blood carbon dioxide level after 2 hours without ventilation were not significantly different with either oxygen or oxygen with carbon dioxide. The patient was started on CPAP at a dose of 25 mg/min when he was brought to our medical facility. He was treated with CPAP for the next 6 to 8 hours for respiratory distress, intubation, ventilation, and chest radiography. The patient remained on CPAP for another 1 to 3 days, and he was discharged at this time.  Discussion: CPAPs and other CPAP devices have been around for over 50 years and have been used successfully for some years as an adjunct therapy for patients with chronic asthma. The indications for the use of CPAPs for patients with this disease included "respiratory distress" (i.e. difficulty breathing because of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease) and "paralysis of the lung" (i.e. decreased ventilation or exercise capacity). However, it is also true that the devices cause a number of adverse effects due to the increase in intrathoracic pressure and associated increased heart rate, carbon dioxide