PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  56 year old patient with history of AML without CNS involvement who is status post successful 7+3 induction therapy being admitted for acute myocardial infarction

RESPONSE:

 . Patient presents with acute acute MI. His blood work is in normal ranges with an eGFR under 50 (normal is 80). He had significant pulmonary impairment and his blood pressure was 70/25.  Outcome:  Good.  Comments:  I will refer patients with prior myocardial infarction to this protocol with this interpretation.  Routes:  CXR.  3. The following are examples of scenarios that may be encountered but it is not intended to be exhaustive.  Radiographic Evaluation:  1. No chest radiographic evidence of disease on chest radiography.  2. No pulmonary infiltrates with a positive CT or PFT.  3. Chest CT: no evidence of pericardial effusion or other evidence of cardiac disease.  4. Chest radiograph shows diffuse chest wall damage with no evidence of infarction or hemorrhage.  5. Chest radiograph is consistent with a history of myocardial infarction with chest X-rays consistent with AV block.  6. Chest radiograph shows evidence of ventricular tamponade that is consistent with myocardial ischemia.  7. Chest radiography shows myocardial ischemia with CT or PFT consistent with AV blocked.  8. Chest radiographs do not show pericardial effusion with pulmonary infiltrates.  9. CT shows clear effusions.  10. CT and PFT show clear ventricular rupture.  11. Patient is stable. Patient enters ICU for secondary prevention  Outcome:  Fairly good. This could be related to the patient having prior myocardial infarction or other systemic disease.  Commentary:  This patient is a borderline case for myocardial ischemia with a positive clinical review. If this patient is stable with no pulmonary emboli the patient should be followed for 2 days.  Discussion:  Prior myocardial infarction or the presence of pulmonary infiltrates does not exclude a diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction.  4. The following are examples of situations that might require consideration of specific treatment in patients prior to hospital admission.  a. In patients with acute myocardial infarction with no history of coronary artery disease or unstable angina:  No prior risk factors for CAD present.  b. Patients with a coronary