PROMPT:

Past Medical History Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 27w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions.

RESPONSE:

  The patient reports regular menstruation. Patient has been on blood thinners for 20 years. Patient has no medications for asthma, diabetes, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, heart failure, osteoporosis, or hypertension. Patient is currently losing weight due to abdominal surgery 5 years ago. Patient is not currently menstruating. Patient does not have uterine fibroids, or uterine scar tissue, or uterus prolapse. Patient is currently taking 1 mg pyridoxine hydrochloride daily. Patient was found to have endometriosis in 2007 by a gynecologist who underwent routine pelvic imaging and discovered Endometriosis in uterus. After being treated for endometriosis, her pregnancy was not affected. The patient will be referred to a gynecologist to be counseled on an appropriate treatment of Endometriosis and endometrial ablation. Patient has no other medical conditions known to be associated with endometriosis. Patient is scheduled to have an Ob/Gyn/Psych evaluation soon. In addition to these tests, a transvaginal ultrasound is planned for the next few days, to rule out intrauterine fibroid infarctions or cervical changes that might be due to endometriosis. Patient has one child, currently 2 years old, who is not being seen today for her obstetrical visit. Patient has not had any prior miscarriages. Patient also has one daughter, currently 8 years old, who is not being seen today for her obstetrical visit. Patient is currently losing weight due to abdominal surgery 5 years ago. Patient is scheduled to have an Ob/Gyn/Psych evaluation soon. Patient also has one son, currently 11 years old, who is not being seen today for his obstetrical visit. Patient has no other medical conditions known to be associated with fibroid tumors or endometriosis.  How will ultrasound be performed?  The doctor will perform an ultrasound on the area of your abdomen.  The ultrasound will be performed using an AVI-20, 1.5 m or 2.4 m long. You should place a mattress over the ultrasound imaging system on the exam table so that you do not get on it during the exam.  This is done to ensure that the ultrasound is as sensitive as possible.  The ultrasound will be viewed on a computer screen at home.  If you are an outpatient, or if an exam takes longer than 10 minutes due to the patient sitting or standing, a computerized consultation is available from a