PROMPT:

HPI Comments This is a 72-year-old male with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with previous coronary artery bypass graft

RESPONSE:

 s, and high cholesterol. Primary care medical history was negative. Elevated blood pressure was diagnosed during a physical examination and controlled by an oral hypoglycemic agent. During a second physical examination following initial treatment of elevated blood pressure, the patient had an increase in blood pressure and was given a single dose of a parenteral antihypertensive agent. However, blood pressure remained elevated and was treated with two intravenous and then parenteral doses of hydralazine and midodrine. Two weeks later a follow-up visit indicated that hypokalemia has continued and his glucose tolerance and serum glucose were in the low normal range. On follow-up, blood glucose was normal despite an attempt to increase carbohydrates, which did not further control his blood pressure. The patient is treated with an arterial-flow machine which has the ability to increase and decrease his cardiac output, and he is on atenolol and an oral hypoglycemic agent, which is not tolerated by most patients. This is a patient with diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and a history of previous coronary artery bypass grafts with a positive family history of coronary artery disease with coronary artery bypass grafts. All laboratory values are within normal range. The patient has failed all conventional treatment options and needs to be referred for further evaluation and possible referral for angiography to clarify the cause of the heart failure. This is an 11-year-old girl with an underlying familial prothrombotic state. During a physical examination during the fall of 2005, her blood pressure was 190/101 mm Hg. Upon hospital presentation, the primary test was an echocardiogram and echocardiographic examination with the use of a modified Pfeiffer test method by Cardiac Pathology. The primary diagnosis was an irregular or small heart, which was in the process of calcification. There was dilated stenosis of the lower part of the left ventricle, ascites, and cardiac fibrosis within the left ventricle with a fluid accumulation with concomitant hypertrophy of the left ventricle wall (Figure 1). The right atrium was enlarged and the atrioventricular node was located in the right ventricle. Ascorbic acid was in the normal range but no evidence of thrombotic thrombocytopenia. The patient had no evidence of aortic dissection, but she had right coronary artery obstruction with increased intraventricular pressure and an elevated cardiac