PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis.

RESPONSE:

  He is placed on a conservative dose of methotrexate and sent back up for a further evaluation. The patient complains of right hip abduction dyskinesia when sitting down.  In this article Dr. Jaffe will review the data from multiple clinical trials that have demonstrated efficacy and safety of MDM with regard to both the treatment of knee osteoarthritis in clinical trials and in the treatment of OA in clinical practice.  Pt and Stable Anterior Cruciate Ligament and Femoral Impingement.  In 2004, a single study of 14 patients suffering from knee osteoarthritis for more than 6 months was reported, and it showed improvement in functional independence through the use of a non-surgical surgical method called posterior tibial tibial discectomy (PTA-DISC). The investigators stated,  "The PTA-DISC procedure offers the advantage of minimizing the morbidity and complication associated with anterior cruciate ligament tears. At the same time, it can be performed in one surgical outpatient procedure. With the benefits of posterior-tibial discectomy, the PTA-DISC procedure does not require surgery, and the operative time is shorter and patients are discharged from the hospital within one week of the procedure… The benefits of posterior tibial discectomy include: (1) reduced duration of pain; (2) alleviation of severe inflammation and inflammation-related discomfort; (3) reduction in operative risk; (4) improved quality of life; (5) less disability; and (6) improved cosmetic outcome." [1]  The authors of the study described their results as if they were "magic tricks or magical thinking." Nonetheless, a group led by Dr. John F. Kao at the University of Washington (UW) published a new study using the same patient population in 2008 that evaluated MDM using PTA-DISC. Using a "significant improvement rate" – as opposed to the "one percentage point difference" used in the previous study – they concluded in their study:  "Thus, we conclude that PTA-DISC and other techniques are a promising and effective alternative for the management of anterior cruciate ligament and femoral-femoral pathologies in individuals with knee osteoarthritis." [2]  In 2005 the journal Arthroscopy published a retrospective study, performed by Dr. Mark B. Beers on the treatment of