PROMPT:

Past Medical History Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 27w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions.

RESPONSE:

  Her history is clean and clear. The patient's pregnancy has continued throughout most of the week as have her previous pregnancies. The patient had her first postpartum visit last week that was uneventful. Her last pregnancy was 8 weeks. The bloodwork is now being reviewed. The patient is on full antibiotics.  Clinical Features  Ectopic pregnancy is caused by a problem with the fetus not being close enough to the uterus to develop normally. The problem may be a problem with the fetal circulation, or it may be an abnormality in the fetal circulation. If there is a problem with the fetal circulation, it can be either a problem which is normally found only in late pregnancy in late-onset pregnancy, or a problem that is present before and in the later stages of gestation.  A pregnancy with an ectopic pregnancy will have features of both. There may be early signs, like no pain for the woman, but late signs and other abnormalities in the woman's pregnancy care. The early signs may be a small uterus or the fetus not developing normally on the placenta. Often the embryo or fetus will start to appear at 7-8 weeks.  Early pregnancy symptoms are typical with the most common ones being early morning nausea, vaginal bleeding, and cramping at the end of the last trimester. The symptoms will then move to other parts of the body through mid-week until labor or delivery occurs. The more severe the pregnancy, the more severe these symptoms will be.  A woman may have a normal pregnancy for a period, but after the second trimester the symptoms will progress to a severe illness like pre-eclampsia, pre-eclampsia, or even meningitis. This is not only because of the increased risk for the disease, but also because of the other complications which are possible. The risk of pre-eclampsia and eclampsia in women with an ectopic pregnancy are also greater than in women.  Other complications may be present. These include pre-eclampsia, increased need for fluid to manage the pregnancy, and the potential of needing a C-section, if necessary. This means that the pregnancy is more likely to go into a miscarriage. If the baby does not implant normally, it will have an abnormality.  Women with a ectopic pregnancy often have normal results of prenatal care. They may need routine blood work every few months to make sure that the pregnancy stays normal and that the blood counts are