PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: 56 year old patient with history of AML without CNS involvement who is status post successful 7+3 induction therapy being admitted for acute myocardial infarction

RESPONSE:

  on day 2 and has been previously prescribed valproate. On admission, was given daclizumab as monotherapy, with doses of 300 mg/day for 1 day followed by 300 mg/day divided into 3 doses daily for 13 days for treatment of early phase hypertension. During the initial 5-day observation period, it was noted that there were no significant safety concerns, that there were no obvious clinical findings that might be potentially suggestive of CNS toxicity, and there were no other significant side effect profiles that would significantly restrict the patient's ability to participate in future care.   On day 14 after initiation of daclizumab, which was a new daclizumab regimen that had been added for this indication, a history of progressive neurologic dysfunction began, including worsening weakness in the right upper extremity and right lower extremity. The patient continued to have progressive extremity weakness from the day 1 time in to day 14 of daclizumab treatment. At this point, the patient could no longer tolerate exercise and started to experience dyspnea on exertion. The patient was prescribed dexamethasone for pain control. On day 17, the patient had difficulty breathing on exertion and continued to experience dyspnea and dysbiosis.   After day 17, the patient was transferred home, where he stayed for 6 nights and then died of respiratory failure on day 18. The patient did not have a significant history of systemic toxicity. The cause(s) of death are currently under investigation.   Conclusion:   This case report demonstrates the association between treatment with daclizumab and development of cardiomyopathy. It also highlights the importance of early initiation of daclizumab and monitoring the patient for other potential causes of ventricular arrhythmia or arrhythmia-related adverse outcomes.   Keywords: Pregnant, cardiac toxicity, valproate, ACE inhibitors, valproate, daclizumab, pregnancy, heart failure  Introduction Cardiomyopathy is a risk factor for the development of serious cardiac events after myocardial infarction, with a risk increasing with time since the index event [1]. Recent studies show that cardiac arrest may occur on the same day as myocardial infarction with the most frequent dates occurring 3 days before (50%) and 3–4 days before (12%) the index date. These risk factors include the ability to tolerate anticoagulation during pregnancy [2] and the presence