PROMPT:

History of Present Illness Patient presents with cough and states he has flu like sx since Sunday, feels like he his progressivly getting better. This s is a well appearing male with non-productive cough, headache, chills, subjective fever, muscle aches and flu like symptoms

RESPONSE:

 . Patient is in the community looking for better living conditions. The patient has been hospitalized for an unspecified febrile illness prior.  Hematological Disorders Patient presents with a history of chronic hematuria & leukopenia with his wife. Is also in need of blood work . He has also been in the hospital with the same history prior and was also admitted for non-compliant hematocrit.  Solicited Blood Draws Patient begins chest pain and fever and requests an arterial blood draw. Patient appears asymptomatic.  Rash On Chest and Skin Patient has had recent rash noted on his chest and back. The rash occurred on the same day as his chest pain.  Abdominal Pain Patient has recent history of abdominal pain. Patient complains about abdominal pain with no bowel movements nor nausea. No further history is available.  Musculoskeletal System Patient is awake and has no respiratory symptoms. Patient has no history of any recent acute events. Patient is complaining of back pain, aching muscles. Patient has recently returned from a vacation and his legs aches.  Trouble in Intestine Patient complains of pain, vomiting and diarrhea that may be related to the prior episode of dysuria. Patient's examination reveals mild dysuria, mild acid reflux. The patient is receiving citalopram.  Vomiting Patient complains of sudden onset of diarrhea, nausea. Patient was hospitalized for non-compliant hematocrit. Patient is in stable condition.  Blood Counts Patient shows severe hyperbilirubinemia and anemia, both which were not present prior to admission.  Vomiting Patient reports a change in vesicular symptoms since returning from holiday. The history is unclear, but he has used heroin in the past.  Uterine Hernia Patient presents with a history of pelvic pain, dysuria, bleeding and bleeding with no fecal evidence in the urine. Patient is complaining of urinary urgency & frequency & intermittent loss of urine. The patient has a history of hemorrhoids.  Acute Discoloration of Blood on Urine A patient presents with an unusual change in color of urine that could be a bacterial infection or a drug reaction.  Blood in Urine A patient presents with blood in his urine. A urine drug screen was positive for heroin. The patient was referred to the hospital for further testing.  Staging the Patient  The patient is assessed based on