PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  After biopsy, the mass was determined to be benign. Patient was advised to watch for additional growth or change. 

RESPONSE:

   Report to Physician:  Patient was advised that her breasts were "normal weight" with an average circumference of 32C. She asked her gynecologist if more breast growth was expected. The gynecologist told her that although there were no obvious changes to the patient's "breasts", there could be breast cysts and increased breast growth, with potential for cysts to grow at an increased rate. Because these factors were very concerning, the patient decided not to undergo a biopsy. At her next appointment, she asked the gynecologist about the possibility of a breast cyst and he responded that no cysts would be found, and there would be nothing that would require a biopsy. She then decided to have two breast biopsies to rule out breast cysts and breast cancer, but she was not told by the gynecologist that additional development might occur. After additional breast growth, a lump was discovered at the nipple. A biopsy was performed to rule out breast cancer and breast cancer cysts. In that case, the patient was advised to wait one month to see if any more breast growth occurred, after which an MRI would be conducted. There was a breast density of 3.7. The size of the lump at the nipple was 2.7 mm in diameter. It was considered to be benign. The patient decided that it was time to have further breast evaluations to rule out the possibility of breast cancer. She was advised that an MRI would be performed at that time. At that time, she was advised that an MRI showed the lump to be benign. Because of the fact that at this stage there were no signs of lymph nodes or malignant metastases and other test results showed no metastases in the biopsy or MRI, the initial diagnosis was that the growth was a benign or incidental change in the breast.   The patient was informed of the biopsy results and told by her gynecologist that her breasts have not changed, and therefore more breast growth is not being seen. At this stage, the patient was advised to wait one month to see if any more breast growth occurred, at which time an MRI would be conducted, and at that time, a breast density would be determined. The patient had another imaging report done in the interim. The size of the lump at the nipple was 4.0 mm in diameter. The size of the lump at the nipple was considered to be moderately abnormal and could be considered significant at an initial density of 5.0. At the time of the diagnosis,