PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery.Plan of Treatment:  56 year old patient with history of AML without CNS involvement who is status post successful 7+3 induction therapy being admitted for acute myocardial infarction

RESPONSE:

 . The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery. Plan of Treatment:  56 year old patient with history of AML without CNS involvement who is status post successful 7+3 induction therapy being admitted for acute myocardial infarction. The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery. Plan of Treatment:  The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery. Plan of Treatment:  The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery. Plan of Treatment:  The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery. Plan of Treatment:  The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the breakfast of Jan 4th having had prolonged preterm labor. Her spouse had a history of hypertension. Plan of Treatment:  The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 4th. The infant was at risk for severe birth injury. She presented in the morning of Jan 4th with a low lying motion and poor breathing. Plan of Treatment:  The neonatologist believed the baby to be in distress and referred the case to our care. We believed we had the correct intervention plan. The baby was born safe and sound, but with acute respiratory distress. It was later determined that the baby developed a mild, but significant, respiratory tract infection. Plan of Treatment:  When the baby was born, we decided the correct intervention plan was to perform a cesarean section to stabilize the baby for transfer to term. She was born at 33 weeks with congenital heart disease. Her baby was born with acute respiratory distress, which led to a very rapid and aggressive emergency C-section. Plan of Treatment:  She needed to have a cesarean delivery. She was in spontaneous labor for 9 1/3 hours. I believe that the labor and delivery that occurred was both spontaneous and safe. She received oxytocin before the birth and postpartum management is routine and well accepted. The baby was transferred to my care at 38 weeks and spent nearly 4 weeks in the NICU.