PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery.

RESPONSE:

  All signs were negative, she remained well on birth control pills and she had a normal pre-pregnancy weight, height and blood pressure. There was evidence of a history of a lower leg infection. The patient's obstetrician was a midwife and she had had a previous C-section with complications.  Discussion / Conclusion: The midwife's assessment of the labor environment was correct as she noted no history of an adverse delivery. The patient was diagnosed with the expected gestational age for the fetus and there was no evidence of fetal distress. Because the patient was not considered low risk prior to her last pregnancy, the midwife took the patient through a very easy labor and delivery.  [Possible pregnancy]  http://www.babycenter.com/Pregnancy_Homepage/Page/Pregnant-or-In-Seek-the-Advice-Of-Your-Doctor.aspx?Sectid=11&PageType=Healthcare&CategoryID=1  Pregnancy can be unpredictable, from all kinds of factors such as:  1. Miscarriage  2. Miscarriage due to complications of labor and delivery  3. Miscarriage due to problems with the placenta or fetal circulation that the pregnancy had never addressed before such as:  2. Fetal abnormalities not addressed before  4. Fetal growth restriction  5. Fetal congenital anomalies  6. Birth defects  7. Problems with fetal circulation and/or other problems that the pregnancy had not addressed with a normal prenatal diagnosis, such as preeclampsia.  The first part of this article describes your options for post-pregnancy pregnancy care.  Some things to think about:  If you become pregnant again, are you going to have this experience again? There are not many ways to recover. As you are reading this article, I'm sure you are thinking of some ways to recover from the experience. I want you to think about how it feels and what you want to do if I am having this experience again.  It can be helpful to think about the experience like the first time. What will happen if you had a normal pregnancy experience? How do you plan to recover and deal with this experience again?  There are many ways to recover from an experience as it may seem it is not good enough and there is no way to heal completely. We have not even begun to think about what our lives