PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  The patient presents for a well-child visit with no complaints. The patient is due for vaccine administration and regular checkup of physical and mental development

RESPONSE:

 . All examination findings are normal. Laboratory findings from this visit include high tTG, tMAb, CRP, IL-6, fgAb, glucose, insulin, and lactate. There is a positive family history of an infection, infection with C. difficile, and a history of recurrent upper GI problems such as erosions, fistulas, and/or abscesses. In addition, the patient has a very young and healthy prepubertal BMI of 7.  Treatment The clinical management of EBOV infection is largely supportive. The administration of antibiotics at the first sign of infection, including oral vancomycin is of major importance as it significantly reduces the survival of patients and significantly increases the mortality rate. These drugs reduce the risk of the organism developing resistance against previously used drugs and are not of benefit in early stages of EBOV infection such as before the clinical symptoms of the disease become evident.  Management of Pneumonitis During the first week of symptoms of EBOV infection it appears that there is no specific therapeutic treatment. Management is primarily supportive of respiratory tract and organ function. If the infection progresses, antibiotics are recommended. The administration of vancomycin is essential as it is both safe and highly effective in the prevention of EBOV infection. As this antibiotic is not available in the current EBOV outbreak in Africa, oral vancomycin will be used for this reason. Vancomycin administered orally is contraindicated in the case of chronic or advanced disease as it may inhibit the absorption of nutrients into tissues and may induce hypocalmia. It should be noted that other antibiotics used for the treatment of EBOV can cause similar side effects and that vancomycin has been associated with mortality in clinical trials. In the United States, vancomycin was first approved as a respiratory medication in 1956 and is currently the only available antibacterial in the United States. Patients with severe pneumonia can be administered oral vancomycin or oral daptomycin for their treatment of EBOV pneumonia. It should be noted that oral daptomycin is contraindicated in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) as the drug may exacerbate their condition.  Diagnostic Imaging  Management of patients with suspected EVD requires supportive care as shown in Figure 1. Pneumonia, sepsis, and severe acute respiratory distress syndrome (SARS) have been noted in patients with EVD, especially those without clinical