PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL The patient reports several symptoms associated with depression, including low enegery and irregular sleeping habits. The patient has

RESPONSE:

  difficulty concentrating, and experiences low arousal in the presence of new people. However, when these symptoms are brought within acceptable control, a marked increase in energy, activity, vigour, and energy reserve is noted. Symptoms often begin with an excitement of the mind, and a sense of excitement is described. A sense of happiness is often experienced, and the patient appears to have a better mood and mood swings occur sporadically and not constantly. These patients are often in a good mood or happy for long periods of time and don't appear to be depressed or moody, but can have a low mood at times. Other symptoms include depression of mood, fatigue, loss or slow discharge of fluids, muscle tension, sleep disturbances, sleep insomnias/insomnia, weight gain and loss, sweating, heart palpitation, increased or decreased blood pressure, and heart failure. When the condition is severe, the patient develops fatigue which can last for weeks or months, and can leave them bedridden for extended periods. A physical examination usually revealed several abnormalities including the following: Pus in the pharynx or nasal passages, particularly on the right.  Bacterial infections on the hands and feet.  Red, dry and very scaly skin.  Gulmonary, thoracic, and abdominal symptoms.  Pain in the chest and abdomen, usually in response to physical activity. As a result of this disorder, the patient's respiratory function is severely compromised, thus making it difficult to breathe normally, as well as causing a lack of energy to maintain a healthy weight. A diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnoea/hypopnea syndrome has a variety of symptoms related to the lungs and it is important to discuss this with a respiratory specialist. Some of these symptoms include rapid weight gain, lack of vitality and energy, depression, and fatigue. The symptoms of hypopnea can be attributed to a variety of causes such as a viral or bacterial infection, a heart condition, the use of an obstructive sleep device and/or medicines that may interfere with the body's ability to regulate breathing. The patient feels hot, sweaty, tired or achy. The symptoms are intermittent but are severe enough to cause concern for the patient and also for their relatives. Symptoms can be relieved or managed with medicine, exercise, or medications which are available. The use of a CPAP machine is also necessary as it is the only effective treatment for this disorder.   WHAT IS THE ROLE OF THE HEAT AND TEMPERATURE