PROMPT:

HPI Patient presents with cough and states he has flu like sx since Sunday, feels like he his progressivly getting better. This s is a well appearing male with non-productive cough, headache, chills, subjective fever, muscle aches and flu like symptoms

RESPONSE:

 . His lab results are negative for fever and chills and positive for low platelet count. The patient was admitted to HPAI for further investigation and culture.  HPAI Patient A is found to have a positive culture for Salmonella. The patient was admitted to HPAI for further investigation and culture.  HPAI Patient B had a positive culture for Clostridium but no infection was found. He was released to his family and family members were also kept on an HPAI watch list. The patient is a 28 yr old male with chronic cough, headache, low platelet counts and subjective fever. His serum chem test was positive for methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). His serum urinalysis reveals a normal kali uridine (KU) level.  HPAI Patient C presents to the ED with chest pain. He states he has an angina pain and he recently had a heart attack 3 months ago. He had a CT scan and a chest pain study done and the results of these studies were normal. His serum labs are normal. On the basis of the CT scan and chest pain study, he was sent home. When he returned 2 days later, the chest pain was back with a new onset. His chest x-ray and chest pain study are again normal. He is discharged to his family and family members are also kept on an HPAI watch list. His serum chem test and Urinalysis are both negative (no fever, aches or any of the common patient findings on the x-ray).  HPAI Patient D presents to the ED with chest pain. He states he has had an angina in the past and has had 3 stents inserted. He is on bed rest and is given a drug to help with pain. His serum chem test is negative and Urinalysis is clear on both occasions. He is discharged and brought back in for chest x-ray. The patient has an angina pain which is worse in the morning. His X-ray also shows a lesion on the left ventricle of the heart.  As the patient's serum chem test, Urinalysis and EKG are all normal, another chest x-ray is done, and he has no heart murmur on the chest wall.  HPAI Patient E is admitted to hospital after 3 days' stay for chest pains. The patient has a negative serum chem test (no fever)