PROMPT:

AP:  Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

RESPONSE:

  (and if applicable, use of NSAIDS and over-the-counter drugs to address pain/discomfort). Continue with physical therapy if prescribed;  OPOCHEMICAL DRUGS: Refer to physician for additional monitoring. Be advised that treatment with OPOCHEMICAL DRUGS during pregnancy can cause birth defects in your unborn child. If you are taking such a medication, please inform your health care team of this and inform them that you understand not to use this product for at least 1 month after delivery. If you have breastfed your child, you may need to discontinue treatment with the medication for 1 month after delivery. The medication can be discontinued at any time, however, it may cause withdrawal symptoms if discontinued within 1 month after delivery; and  HIV/AIDS SERUING PEPTIDES: Continue therapy as normal. The pregnancy and birth outcomes will depend on proper monitoring during pregnancy and birth, and on your ability to continue the medication after delivery. If you have been advised by your health care team of any of the above situations, please talk to your healthcare provider about options for continuing therapy.  NUDES/ORTHOSTER/TISSUE INJURY/GYNECOLOGY: Be careful with this drug and limit its use. Consult your health care team with any questions you may have regarding medication use or changes to medication dosage.  PREGNANCY, POSTPARTUM, AND LACTATION: If you are currently using medication during pregnancy or postpartum, speak with your health care team;  COSMETICS HANDLING/MISMATCHING: Please consult your health care team if you have any questions relating to your use of this product; and  COPING & REMOVAL: Consult your health care team if you have any questions about the safety and effectiveness of any prescription or over-the-counter medicines, as applicable, used during your pregnancy or after delivery, including those listed above.  If you think that your symptoms have not resolved, or if symptoms have begun, speak to your healthcare team for advice.  If you are concerned about the use of this medication because of an adverse reaction:  Be sure to tell your health care team about all of your medical conditions, including any other medications you take including over-the-counter or prescription medications; and  If medication seems to help, continue to use the medication and let your health care team know when it is time for any