PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE This patient present with symptoms of arthritis and joint pain. He has been taking ibuprofen daily but recently reports pain the morning which has intensified. 

RESPONSE:

  I suspect a diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis since this patient has a painful history and he has been using ibuprofen for pain for at least 3 years.  He has been given  anti-inflammatory and analgesic drugs from ages 16-50.  He says his pain started with the day he started taking the anti-inflammatory medication which he started on before his arthritis started for the first time in his life.  He has been pain free for a year after his  anti-inflammatory and analgesic drug treatment.  The patient has been a patient for more than 10 years.  There are no signs of osteoarthritis or arthritis in any other joints.  He has been to the acupuncturist 3 times and had been receiving acupuncture from age 16-49.  He is under stress management.  He has had no history of rheumatoid disease prior to age 40. PATIENTS AND METHODS As per the American Rheumatism Association (ARA) recommended practice guidelines, patients with rheumatoid arthritis in remission are considered to have rheumatoid factor but not anti-inflammatory condition. A standard assessment of disability, pain, function, use of medication and quality of life is performed using the Disability Assessment Schedule (DES) by the patient and doctor at baseline visit and 3 months after therapy start and after 5 years follow-up.  I decided to study the effect of adding ibuprofen for pain and for reducing arthritis symptoms using the DES.  The patient reports that since he started using ibuprofen to relieve pain after the anti-inflammatory and analgesic drugs he has reduced his arthritis symptoms in a much better. He has been taking ibuprofen for over 3 years but he has missed 3 months of the last visit for his ibuprofen due to flu after the start of his ibuprofen therapy.  In case of a new drug his doctor did not want to prescribe it because it may be an "anti-inflammatory" drug.  The patient used to use to use anti-inflammatory drug such as ibuprofen. All the patients in this study have pain relief with the addition of ibuprofen for 5 months.  They are given a physical examination which can be done without going into the detail of the pain and patient evaluation which includes the following: Functional Rating Scale (FRS)  (pain subscales), Short Form