PROMPT:

HPI Comments The patient presents with allergic rhinitis and a history of GERD and concerns about sleep apnea. 

RESPONSE:

  She has recently changed her diet from very spicy food to more refined food. After some testing, I find out my patient has a thyroid disorder, which requires me to make a T2c (thyrotoxicosis 2-c). She is also on Ciprofloxacin, because he is at high risk for thromboembolic events. I start her on 250 mL of Fosamax every 12 hr and then increase doses after 4 weeks, as she does not tolerate oral therapy well at all.  Her TSH is in the normal range. My own medical history includes thyroid disease, aplastic anemia, an aortic dissection, and some other medical conditions. The first episode of sleep apnea occurs and I prescribe metoprolol and nitroglycerin.  I prescribe metoprolol with an initial dose of 500 mg and then increasing the dose as tolerated. She is now on T2c and we see a trend on TSH over the next 4 hr as the T2c treatment begins.  Two weeks after the T2c dosing, we start her on metoprolol.  Four weeks after I start her on T2c, a flare occurs at night, and she needs an alarm. I think we might need to switch to a longer-acting T2c, because she started out not tolerating the T2c that well.  The next morning, she presents a little bit groggy but is much better by 9 am. She has no fever, and just a trace of low-grade chest pain. She takes two aspirin each day for this. During the following weeks we continue with T2c, although we know metoprolol is working because of the low TSH and the high T3. But it is possible she is losing sensitivity to this medicine because of not getting enough T3.  Eventually, I adjust T3 in her urine and she has good tolerance. After another 2 weeks on T2c, she has taken enough blood pressure medication to start her blood pressure monitor.  I am confident my T2c is working as there is a marked decrease in the TSH. She takes just an aspirin and has a baseline test of her blood pressure.  As she becomes more awake, her diastolic blood pressure slowly increases which means the blood pressure has dropped. This would be normal for someone starting on T2c.  By