PROMPT:

Past Medical History This is a 72-year-old male with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with previous coronary artery bypass graft

RESPONSE:

 , non-malignant prosthesis, polyarteritis nodosa, left coronary arteriographically documented coronary artery bypass graft, and coronary-arteriographically documented thrombophilia. He was treated in 1982 for an occlusive stent thrombosis that occluded coronary arteries after an I. V. catheter was successfully placed; after surgery, the patient underwent a 4-year course of stent placement to prevent subsequent occlusive stent thrombosis. The patient reports difficulty walking, and is taking up to three medications, including statins, anabolic steroids, and aspirin for dyslipidemia, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and coronary artery disease.  Current Medical History This is a 60-year-old female with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with previous coronary artery bypass graft, left coronary artery occlusion after a left coronary artery bypass graft, and multiple sclerosis. The patient reports difficulty walking and has been on multiple medications, including blood thinners and estrogen replacement therapy in the past.  Past Diagnosis of Arterial Hypertension This 40-year-old male patient has history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with previous coronary artery bypass graft, non-malignant prosthesis, and peripheral arterial disease. He has also had right sided chest bypass since 1997.  Past Diagnosis of Hypertensive Disorders This 66-year-old married and employed male has a left coronary artery occlusion after a left coronary artery bypass graft and history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. He was treated for the occlusion and had a new bypass performed to remove the stent.  Past Diagnosis of Stents Stents are used to widen narrowing of the arteries by placing steel rods and metal supports in a fixed space in the sternum. Stent placement is frequently a last-ditch effort for patients with narrowing of their coronary arteries, and patients often go on to develop heart disease. However, recent clinical and experimental evidence suggests that stent placement may be associated with a decrease in the risk of future heart disease.  Past Diagnosis of Heart Disease Arteries are divided into 3 types: Isolated, isolated, and peripheral, which can occur separately or in combination. Arteries can be classified by how large they are, how narrow the vessels are, and how dilated