PROMPT:

HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 27w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions.

RESPONSE:

  Patient is a healthy white female with a weight of 16 lbs, BMI of 30.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 29w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions. Patient is a healthy white female with a weight of 16 lbs, BMI of 30.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 29w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions. Patient is a healthy white female with a weight of 16 lbs, BMI of 30.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 29w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions. Patient is a healthy white female with a weight of 16 lbs, BMI of 30.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 29w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions. Patient is a healthy white female with a weight of 16 lbs, BMI of 30.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 30w0d weeks gestation. Patient is a healthy white female with a weight of 16 lbs, BMI of 30. Patient is being delivered in due course.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 30w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports an uneventful pregnancy.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 30w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports an uneventful pregnancy.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 30w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports an uneventful pregnancy.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 30w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports an uneventful pregnancy.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 30w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports an uneventful pregnancy.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 30w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports an uneventful pregnancy.  HPI Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 30