PROMPT:

AP:  The patient was seen for a well visit with no major complaints. For seasonal allergies, continue on OTC medications and schedule her next visit with primary care

RESPONSE:

 . The patient had a history of mild respiratory allergies to latex and a history of a runny nose when exposed to air. The patient and her co-workers at her home and work reported their concerns for a prolonged runny nose and sneezing to her primary care physician. A chest radiograph confirmed the presence of pulmonary emboli with the presence of small vessels present in the lungs (PVH>3) and with mild signs of congestion on chest radiograph. The patient was treated with piroxicam, a non-opioid antagonist, and she was seen in her office for a yearly chest CT scan as directed. Based on her history of minor upper respiratory tract infections and wheezing, the patient was prescribed propranolol and prescribed an antihistamine/deodorant for a few months to help avoid exacerbation in subsequent visits to primary care. Her primary care physician was sent to her home to evaluate the patient and determine the best treatment plan. Primary care was referred to her doctor for any further care or treatment.  Discussion: There have been reports of post-cardiac arrest pulmonary embolism in children [4,10,14,31,32], older adults [10], and other individuals [3,9,10]. While there might be potential for post-cardiac arrest pulmonary embolism (PCPCE) at this time, there are no published case reports of patients presenting with PCPCE, other than with cardiac arrest and/or sudden cardiac death. PCPASE, which has been used to identify PCP-related morbidity and mortality events by comparison with PCPCE, does not detect PCP-related complications, either fatal or non-fatal, in patients with cardiac arrest and/or sudden cardiac death [2,3,31]. Furthermore, none of the children that we have discussed herein underwent an appropriate autopsy for PCPCE. In the case of the three cases in which patients were described to have had cardiac-related, non-fatal incidents, including death, as well as to have presented with PCPCE, we will review the underlying cardiac-related medical conditions of these three patients to attempt to identify other underlying medical conditions in the three cases that might have led to significant complications that might not have been present with cardiac arrest. As with other cardiac arrest patient groups, including the elderly and pediatric emergency departments, there have been a few reports of PCPCE and PCPASE [13,14,35]. However, the