PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

RESPONSE:

  for the diagnosis of hypogonadism and the management of hyperglycemia. The pt was observed by an ENT specialist on 6 occasions to rule out primary, secondary or tertiary causes of hyperglycemia. The primary cause of hypoglycemia was discussed, and the pt was referred to a urologist for the diagnosis and management of chronic renal failure. The next visit (T3) was in order for a follow-up of the kidney function.  OTHER PAPILLONELIA The pt had not had any other previous papillary thyroidomas. The PT had not undergone any other thyroid surgery in the past 3 to 5 years. The PT had no history of hypothyroidism. The PT had a body mass index between 18 and 24/32.  OTHER RISK FACTORS The PT was not on any medications currently. The PT had no current medical conditions associated with thyroid cancer, nor did he receive any radiation as an adjunct during his last surgical procedures.  ASSOCIATED MEDICINE There was no other clinical information identified that raised the possibility of thyroid cancer.  RECOMMENDATIONS IN CLINICAL PRACTICE There is no evidence to support a routine papillary thyroidoma screening program. Management of the pt should be limited to periodic ultrasounds and referral if a papillary thyroidoma suspected. Management of the pt should be limited to periodic ultrasounds and consultation if a papillary thyroidoma suspected.  REFERENCES  American Thyroid Association . ( 1997 ). Diagnosis and management of thyroid cancer. Washington, DC : Author .  Baas-de Hoven , M. , van der Velde-Hansen , J. , Zwart , R. , Vrygels , W. , Schouten , W.A.J. , van Assche , M.H.G. , Hageberg , E.A.M. , and Zwart , R.H. ( 1996 ). Papillary thyroid cancers. In Papillary Tumors (ed. van der Velde-Hansen, J. ). Leiden : Edici Publishing .  Bakker , F. and van der Velde-Hansen , J. ( 1985 ). The management of papillary thyroid cancer in the outpatient. Archives of Surgery, 134(2), 143 – 146 .  Bergheau-Espinosa , A. , Gimeno-Gonzalez , S.M