PROMPT:

History of Present Illness Patient presents with cough and states he has flu like sx since Sunday, feels like he his progressivly getting better. This s is a well appearing male with non-productive cough, headache, chills, subjective fever, muscle aches and flu like symptoms

RESPONSE:

  (including cough and fever). Patient is advised to wear protective equipment which should include contact clothing, face mask, rubber gloves, eye protection, etc. Patient is placed in isolation with temperature of 34.2C and chest radiograph of abdomen is normal. Patient is placed in a room with bright lights and room temperature of 32.2C and instructed to take 2mg nitroglycerine, 2g aspirin. In view of the patient's history and the lack of apparent illness, the pathogen was suspected as Enterococcus. Aspiration of nasopharyngeal specimens was performed for Enterococcus using a modified version of the procedure outlined by Hickey et al.29. The nasopharyngeal specimens were incubated with E. faecalis, as defined in the Oxford laboratory manual. In brief, the nasopharyngeal swab were immersed in a sterile container for 10 minutes to facilitate dispersal of the ova. The ova were then gently washed with 0.5% normal saline solution. The specimens were placed onto the bottom of a 500 ml suspension of DBS solution in a Petri dish and incubated for 2 days. This procedure was repeated until E. faecalis was recovered (approximately 100 ova, approximately 3 per 100 ml suspension). The nasopharyngeal specimens were then placed on a filter paper of 20 µm thickness and incubated with Enterococcosis EnteriEne in the presence of E. faecalis until the ova were observed and removed in 50% DBS solution. Samples were stored in DBS at 4 °C.  Identification and quantification of Enterococcus Enterococcus was confirmed by the results of the isolation of enterococci using a number of different molecular techniques. However, the procedure outlined in Hickey et al..,29 has generally been accepted for the isolation of enterococci. The procedure involves placing the nasopharyngeal swab in a 1.1 mL tube containing 100 IU per gram of bacteremia; the tube was placed in the incubator at room temperature for 30 minutes. Then, the swab was diluted 1:1000 in 20% formaldehyde for 5 minutes. After drying, the tube was placed in 0.3% formaldehyde for 25 minutes. The tube was then incubated with E. faecalis for 15 minutes at 37 °C. The tube was then placed into 0.3% formaldehyde for 30 minutes followed by immersion in 100mL 1%