PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL This patient present with symptoms of arthritis and joint pain. He has been taking ibuprofen daily but recently reports pain the morning which has intensified. 

RESPONSE:

 ------------------------- --------------------------  IBA: -------------------------- As you have noted earlier in this text the IBA has to do with the way the body takes the drugs, where they go through the nervous system, and what effect they have on the body. The IBA is often missed because it does not cause pain if the medication had already been taken and the body has been accustomed to it. The drug actually travels through the blood-brain barrier and then is absorbed into the brain, muscles and bone. The IBA affects the brain by way of acetylcholine, a chemical that also acts on the central nervous system and causes changes in mood, behavior and thinking. If the acetylcholine supply is reduced then the IBA causes muscle stiffness and pain. A low IBA levels are also associated with migraine headaches and anxiety and this makes it very important to identify the IBA accurately through blood tests. This test involves a blood test which tells us a lot about the IBA. ------------------------- -------------------------- If you have been taking medication for many years and are on a medication and you see no signs of improvement in your condition or pain, it is quite likely that the IBA is the culprit for your discomfort. A medication that is ineffective does not allow a body to move and function correctly. The symptoms of an IBA include stiff feet or hands, tiredness, mental or physical discomfort, mental confusion, poor concentration, insomnia, restlessness or fidgeting, and sometimes headache. A low IBA is often the result of a chronic low dose of the medication used or not having been taken correctly. This means the dosage was very low due to either: too much medication or a medication that was not effective or tolerated in the first place. Many of these drugs use non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs as ingredients. These drugs include aspirin, ibuprofen, and Motrin. These medications all have the characteristic effect of stimulating the body to break down blood sugar in the muscles causing a temporary boost in energy. When this happens, the body begins to absorb these medications from the blood into the brain and the pain and discomfort begins. These low or ineffective medications may be found in any medicine that contains aspirin, ibuprofen, Motrin, naproxen, acetaminophen, or other such pain relievers. A common one is Celebrex in over-the-counter medicines. Low IBA symptoms caused by drugs use or an ineffective dosage are often seen in individuals taking medications containing the non-