PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  She suffered a mild transient ischemia attack although was discharged from the ED with family to home.

RESPONSE:

  After one week in the ICU, she developed a right lower quadrant low back pain that did not respond to rest; this was seen by the OR at 7 months. Her blood pressure was within normal limits. She received a 1 month postop antibiotic treatment with 1 g of gentamicin daily and this was successful in treating a 2 day history of pain with anorexia. She was prescribed a 1g dose of the anti-inflammatory drug indomethacin at discharge. It was recommended to follow up at 6 months for a repeat assessment to provide appropriate follow up.  Case Presentation:  A 37 year old female presented with 2 hours of right lower quadrant pain. On examination, she had moderate left lower quadrant pain with vomiting, but was alert and oriented. After being placed on IV fluids, she was assessed. A pain free skin test on the right abdomen was positive and she was transferred to the OR where she suffered a post-op blood work result of 14.5 kPa. She was then placed on bed rest on a mattress in the room until the blood work had come back. The patient did not recover and did not regain consciousness.  Treatment & Outcome:   She was discharged from the ED with her mother, but had to be admitted to the Intensive Care Unit the next day for acute myocardial infarction. After 3 days in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) her blood pressure and arterial oxygen saturation were within the normal limits. A chest x-ray performed at this time revealed a mass in the right lower extremity. She was transferred from the ICU to a general surgery unit where the mass was removed as part of her dissection. She was transferred to a rehabilitation unit where she continued to have complications following the removal of the mass of the low back. She continued with a number of procedures including arthroscopic surgery for her left hip and left lower extremity (LTE) joint, left hip replacement, right leg surgery, and Lumbar puncture for right lower quadrant pain (including a left femoral nerve lesion which may eventually require replacement). She will have more complicated surgery in the future to remove a mass on her right lower quadrant which is thought to include a portion of the large bowel. This will require her to undergo abdominal surgery in about 3 months.  Conclusion:  Patients who develop pain in their right lower extremity following abdominal surgery, while being assessed for safety, do not often get reass