PROMPT:

Assessment: The patient is scheduled for follow-up with his PCP in two weeks

RESPONSE:

 . It is his next course of treatment. He returns as normal at six weeks' follow-up but develops a fever in two weeks and is again a nonpersonality, noncompliance. He returns for three-day visits and during the third, he has a spontaneous bowel movement. The first is unremarkable. There is not an obvious cause for the bowel movement. The second visit, two weeks later, is the classic "rediscovery" of the colonic polyp and it is excised and placed in a bag. The third visit, the following day, the person will have a rectal examination and a fecal smear to be sent for testing. The stool is an amoeba that is cleared and nothing more. A colonoscopy is requested and there is nothing but "nothing" found in the exam. Further examination of intestinal tissue for other polyps is done and there is a positive culture.  Case #4:  A 47-year-old male admitted for an elective CPO has been on a course of metronidazole since the start of the year and is having a good response. He was on his fifth day on the drug after a course of the antibiotic tetracycline. He was on that same regimen for two weeks as well as amoxicillin. He has had a negative smear and the smear is the classic, negative for amoebas.  The following day he is diagnosed with a colonoscopy and a nasopharyngeal swab for fecal staining of his stomach. Nothing is present. He is sent home and his treatment continues as though nothing was wrong. Another week passes and the patient is feeling better and goes back on tetracycline. His swab is positive. The next day, a further aspirate is done and positive for amoeba. The case was sent back to the clinician who states he feels confident there is an infection to be found and a course of metronidazole is ordered. As the patient goes on this course, the swab results for the fourth time are negative but positive for amoeba in the nasopharyngeal aspirate. It is sent to the CDC for testing by swab. It is found to be positive.  Case #5:  A 41-year-old man had symptoms of fever, muscle aches and a headache that started in the morning. The next day he was vomiting and had a low-grade fever