PROMPT:

HPI The patient is a 57 y.o. male presenting with chest pain and shortness of breath

RESPONSE:

 . The patient also reported that he is using low-dose diuretics. He was initially treated with ciprofloxacin, chloramphenicol, and diclofenac. A complete blood count, hematological profile, liver function tests, electrolytes, and urinalysis were taken while on ciprofloxacin 1 g/m2 three times and chloramphenicol 1 g/m2 three times. Urinalysis was obtained after one week and after four weeks on oral low-dose diuretics. The patient was re-titrated with the use of diclofenac for a duration of four weeks. The result was a partial resolution of chest pain. He was given intravenous methylprednisolone 20 mg twice daily. At the end of four weeks his chest pain was reduced in magnitude and volume but remained severe. He was also treated with oral low-dose diuretics and oral finasteride 800 mg, once daily. Results of electrolytes and urinalysis are shown in . There have been no reports of a complete resolution of chest pain associated with methylprednisolone. In this patient the results from the electrocardiogram are normal, and results from the urinalysis are again normal and consistent with those seen with ciprofloxacin. In our patient our results from the urinalysis, the CBC, and plasma protein level were very consistent with those seen with the diuretic. Results of the liver function test are very consistent with those seen with methylprednisolone. All these results indicate that for the short duration of time the use of low-dose diuretics was appropriate. Open in a separate window  4. Conclusions 4.1. This patient is a 37-yr-old male presenting with chest pain in the morning after eating the meal, and shortness of breath. Chest pain was caused by upper airway obstruction. Echocardiography failed to reveal any cause for the chest pain. He was treated with ciprofloxacin 1 g/m2 three times and chloramphenicol 1 g/m2 three times. The patient was given oral ketoconazole 20 mg once daily plus intravenous methylprednisolone 20 mg twice daily plus methylprednisolone acetate 200 mg twice daily in addition to oral finasteride 800 mg two times daily. These treatments appear to be highly effective. There are no reports in the