PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Patient is a 48 y.o. who presents after fainting earlier in the day with an irregularly irregular rhythm on ECG consistent with atrial fibrillation. 

RESPONSE:

  She reports being sedated for most of the day. [3]   During the initial evaluation after fainting, it became clear that the patient was not experiencing a heart attack but rather a fainting episode due to atrial fibrillation. [4] MDM is a process in which the clinician must evaluate the appropriateness of medication given to the patient, and determine whether the patient is safe to continue with that medication. MDM should not be a tool for assessing whether a patient with heart attack is a candidate for angioplasty (as opposed to being treated for a heart attack); the purpose of the study was to see if a patient with atrial fibrillation in MDM could still have a heart attack.     This study involved 4 patients, 3 of whom had a history of a heart attack before and after presenting with atrial fibrillation. Analysis: All patients were given propranolol, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), and beta blockers. No differences were found between the groups in the following 6 groups: No medication (1), ACE inhibitors and beta blockers (2), angiotensin-converting enzyme alone (3), ACE and beta blockers (4), ACE and angiotensin-converting enzyme (5), ACE and angiotensin-converting enzyme and beta blockers (6).   The authors conclude that there were no differences in outcome after treatment in MDM patients after accounting for these 5 factors. The following studies used a similar paradigm but included the addition of propranolol: Cao, P., & Wang, C. (2007). Evidence for anticoagulated propranolol in acute coronary syndromes and subsequent aortic valve stenosis. Medicine (Baltimore), 90 (13) 1064.   Baumann, W., Shih, S., & Bier, R.B. (2011). An Anticoagulated Propranolol Effect on Thrombin Time Induced by Alpha2-Antitragel to Reduce Occlusion After Cardiac Arrest. Circulation, 121 (24), 2106-2110.