PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION Patient reports gassy and bloated feeling and has had irregular stools over the past two week 

RESPONSE:

  (s),  3.1 FAST VETERINARY ACTIVITY On day 21, after being treated with a a cough and cough syrup (Sedelar), I have a small fever and a small bump on my neck. This is about 4,000mg of ibuprofen and a 30oz tube of AstraZeneca cough and cold medicine. What's with the cough and cold medicine? A week before I was hospitalized, I've seen my doctor complaining about being a little dehydrated and having a little bit of heartburn. This is one of these days, with a little bit of dehydration, I can start to feel a little sick. I do a very mild version of acid reflux. If I have acid reflux symptoms, then I'm still pretty healthy. I keep the cough and cold medicine because of the fluid it helps with, but I'm just throwing up all the time now. It makes me feel tired and has left me feeling bloated. I had a very small fever the past two weeks but I haven't had any cramps. I guess maybe I have low HCL levels? I'm just a normal person with a little bit of a high fever. It's probably nothing to worry about right? The doctors didn't even think it was worth doing any tests when I told them, I thought I was just a tad dehydrated. 3.5 HIGH RISK MENTAL HEALTH I'm tired all the time. I'm tired all the time.  There's this weird feeling in my chest, I'm just kind of drowsy. A couple of years ago when I was hospitalized for the bloodwork, I didn't understand any of the tests so I'm still not even sure what the results are about the high HCL level, but I do know I'm definitely getting a better quality of life after that diagnosis. I've also been doing a lot more yoga since I was hospitalized. I'm trying a lot of different things to manage my HCL levels. As of now, I'm starting on a diet, and I'm just eating plenty of organic foods, but I also have my regular diet. I'm on my diet, but I also find I don't like vegetables very much. I feel like I could lose a few pounds before I really start losing weight. What are my options? As of now, I'm just trying to eat as much organic