PROMPT:

HPI Comments This patient present with symptoms of arthritis and joint pain. He has been taking ibuprofen daily but recently reports pain the morning which has intensified. 

RESPONSE:

   A 50-year-old male presented with worsening headaches and leg pain for the past month. When he noticed a redness and puffiness on the left side of his right knee, on examination the patient was found to have a small ulcerate ulcer on the back of his right knee. He was taken to the emergency department and referred to orthopaedic trauma services in St. Catharines. A CT-scan revealed a discolored bone lesion in the medial aspect of the right femur extending proximodistally for some 2 cm from the posterior aspect of the tibia. He was diagnosed with osteogenesis imperfecta on the basis of a biopsy of the lesion, which revealed the presence of bone marrow edema of the bone marrow. He reported pain with walking and an increased sensitivity to pain.  A 60-year-old man presented with right hip pain for 3 days. He was taken to an urgent care center, where he underwent hip arthroscopic examination and was admitted to the ICU. The patient developed acute intermittent fever and chills as well as pain and fever and decreased muscle strength (symptoms were similar to the patient's previous presentation). In addition, he failed to give oral rehydration solution for more than 1 hour and exhibited severe dehydration.  Discussion  Osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) is a degenerative joint disorder of the femur in which the endosteal bone is disrupted. When the femur and tibia fail to fuse the bone and fibrous tissue surrounding the joint undergoes the process of osteoneogenesis, a process in which collagenous cells accumulate to form a soft, delicate matrix. In the absence of adequate bone development these cells can lose their integrity as they become susceptible to further stress. Over time these cells may also contribute to the formation of bone spurs. OI may develop in both young adults and older adolescents. The first symptom reported by affected children and adolescents is a tenderness of the femoral head. In the late teenage years other symptoms may include knee pain, loss of joint range of motion, pain that radiates to other areas of range of motion, and pain resulting in limping, and later, difficulty reaching or climbing stairs.1 An increasing number of cases have shown that OI of the knee develops after a traumatic injury or a disease such as rheumatoid arthritis.2 In such cases the knee becomes stiff for several years and an overabundance of prostaglandins