PROMPT:

HPI Comments Patient reports gassy and bloated feeling and has had irregular stools over the past two week 

RESPONSE:

 ???? 1/19/17  Ketogenesis Medications Ketogenesis Medications FDA: (800) 322-9444  Drug Interactions  The patient experienced nausea and vomiting when she first started ketogenesis meds. Over time, these symptoms disappeared.  In a ketogenic diet, the ketone levels are low. The patients report that they did not experience ketosis. The patient has also been on anti-nausea medication for three years. However, the patient has now stopped this for the past few weeks. It has taken time for them to adjust to this new lifestyle.  The patient had blood sugar levels that were abnormal for someone with Type I diabetes. However, they did not have glucose levels that were normal for someone with Type 2 diabetes. The blood sugar levels did not correlate with insulin resistance.  The patient reported that they tried the standard diet in the ketogenic diet protocol and their weight decreased. They report feeling better and more energetic.  The medications she took did not appear to help her. She is now on metformin. However, these drugs have not slowed down her glycemic control or her metabolism. She also seems to be losing weight on the ketogenic diet, but her weight does not seem to be keeping up with the decrease in weight.  Overall, the patient found that they were able to make the diet easier for her but found the standard lifestyle not easy with the change in lifestyle.  Discussion  The patient found that a ketogenic diet is a relatively easy lifestyle to change. She initially had difficulty adjusting to the ketogenic diet because of the initial ketosis and nausea, but by the time she was well adjusted and the nausea and vomiting was gone and the blood sugar was normal, she had the ability to modify the diet.  The patient did not experience problems with the food she ate when she was on the ketogenic diet. While these results are somewhat puzzling, the lack of problems does suggest that there is not a problem with the ketogenic diet in general. However, there appear to be a few potential caveats to these results.  The fact that the patient has been on the ketogenic diet for three years and is not on medication for her diabetes may indicate that the ketogenic diet is simply not enough for her. The fact that she has started dieting again after her two week break may also be in conflict with these results.  The current understanding of glycemic control is that there are many other factors beyond weight