PROMPT:

History of Present Illness This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

RESPONSE:

  in 2012.  Frequency not given.  Discussion of the patient's past medications and allergies.  A review of the patient's physical examination.  A review of the patient's past medical history.  Determined that an antithrombotic beta interferon (Avandia) was contraindicated for the patient because a new anticoagulant (e.g., warfarin) had been placed into the patient's system.  Recommended initial glucose level goal of 100 mg/dl with a target BG of 45 mg/dl.  Recommended the use of a diet with approximately 50 percent of calories from carbohydrates and about the same percentage from protein, fat and calories from saturated fatty acids.  Recommended the use of a multi-day, low-carbohydrate diet that includes a low-fat, Mediterranean style, low glycemic index diet.  Recommend the use of high-sodium, potassium, low glycemic index foods and fluids.  Recommended the use of high amounts of antioxidants in the diet including vitamin C, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, ascorbic acid, and phytoextracts of berries, green vegetables, tomatoes, grapes, onions, and cruciferous vegetables.  Discussed the use of dietary modifications including dietary strategies such as reduced fat, high protein, low glycemic index, and cholesterol control, as well as the addition of multivitamins, minerals or other supplements, to optimize the patient's health.  Discussion of the patient's medical situation, including the current and past health status, treatment, and any current or past medical conditions.  Determined that, at the present and at the previous visit, the patient did not have renal or cardiac failure and was clinically asymptomatic.  Results of electrocardiography demonstrating a healthy, sinus rhythm.  Discussion of the medication history, including possible adverse drug reactions.  Discussion of possible complications of the patient's current medications including side effects, adverse medications interactions, and interactions between drugs.  Discussion of the patient's family medical history and recent medications including any new or recent medications that may be contraindicated.  Discussion of any current or recent medical conditions that may be causing the patient's current condition as well as family medical history.  Review of the patient's medical chart and medical history to establish the following: Comorbidities  Prior treatments