PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily

RESPONSE:

  for at least 3 weeks (for at least 4 days per week for a total of 3 weeks) Have blood pressure over 130/80 mm Hg Have heart disease or diabetes or are in the first degree relative of someone with heart disease or diabetes Have a chronic illness or cancer Have received a blood transfusion within 6 months Have received a blood transfusion within 12 months Have received a stem cell or bone marrow transplant within the last 6 months Have received radiation therapy within 6 months Have been taking a prescription medication within the past month Have had a pregnancy within the past 6 months Have been using a prescribed insulin or other diabetes medication within the past month Have used marijuana within the past 48 hours Have used marijuana for ≥1/2 hour in the 24 hours prior to the Medicare-covered visit  For example:  Subjective report: Patient is healthy, does not have any complaints. Patient reports a cholesterol level of 180 mg/dL. He is taking cholesterol-lowering medication. Subjective report: Patient is sick, has a cholesterol level between 190 mg/dL and 240 mg/dL, and he has used a prescription medication for his current condition, including the medications listed in 3rd bullet of question. Subjective report: Patient reports a cholesterol level of 200 mg/dL but only has symptoms. Subjective report: Patient reports he is healthy and only has a cholesterol level of 190 mg/dL. Subjective report of patient: Patient is unhealthy, has not had a good response to cholesterol-reducing medications. Patient reports that his blood pressure is 130/80 mmHg. Subjective report: Patient reported a cholesterol level of 180 mg/dL and says their LDL level is 120 mg/dL. Subjective report of patient: Patient reports a cholesterol level of 200 mg/dL. Subjective report of patient: Patient reports a cholesterol level of 220 mg/dL. Subjective report of patient: Patient is healthy. Subjective report: Patient reports a cholesterol level of 150 mg/dL. Subjective report of patient: Patient reports a cholesterol level of 180 mg/dL. Subjective report: Patient reports a cholesterol level of 200 mg/dL. Subjective report of patient: Patient reports a cholesterol level of 220 mg/dL. Subjective report of patient: Patient reports a cholesterol level of 240 mg/dL. Subjective report of patient: Patient reports a cholesterol level of 240 mg/dL.  A medical record should contain the information shown in 3rd bullets of question 1 and 2 as well as at least the following