PROMPT:

HPI Comments This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

RESPONSE:

  for diabetes management. During this visit, he had fasting glucose levels of 99 mg/dL with no significant change over the past few months. During the evaluation, total cholesterol values were 6.9 mmol/L. Serum HDL levels were 2.3 mmol/L, triglycerides 2.8 mmol/L, LDL cholesterol 4.2 mmol/L and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) 1.6 mmol/L. The pt underwent coronary angiography and was found to have a left anterior descending coronary artery with an area of approximately 40 cm2 and no significant coronary stenosis. Both pulmonary arteries were clear, and he had the normal echocardiogram. These findings were consistent with previous results of our nephrologist. This was followed by a routine glucose test at our outpatient program at 2 days before discharge. Glucose values were 9 mg/dL. He received 200 mg of insulin and 2 units of Metformin for diabetes management. The pt was sent home on his regular insulin regimen, which he then reduced to 200 mg of insulin, 6 units of Metformin and 0.9 units of Glucocorticoid, to be applied as needed. He then went on a low-carbohydrate diet, following recommendations of the dietitian. The pt had no change in weight, blood pressure or lipid profile. He resumed his routine clinical care until discharge 2 days later. Discussion During the previous 4 months the pt was monitored at our outpatient facility by 2 separate nephrologists. Although there was no change in his vital signs or hemoglobin results, his glucose, insulin and cholesterol values were monitored by our nephrologist and increased significantly during that time. After a visit to our internist, the pt went home on the prescribed diabetes regimen; this regimen included 200 mg of insulin, 6 units of Metformin and 0.9 units of Glucocorticoid (1 unit will not require the usual dose of Metformin). Blood tests at home and at the hospital were negative. It is not known if the change in insulin dosage was significant. This is the point noted by some that there is insufficient evidence to recommend for or against insulin.2-4,9,10,12 There are indications that it may be necessary to increase the administration of high dose insulin if hypoglycemia and hyperinsulinemia occur.12 In the case of this patient, the significant change in his glucose was found after 2 days of therapy and