PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): 56 year old patient with history of AML without CNS involvement who is status post successful 7+3 induction therapy being admitted for acute myocardial infarction

RESPONSE:

 . The patient undergoes a battery of diagnostic studies. Patient reports moderate fatigue, dyspnoea, fatigue with no change in pain, dysesthesias and cognitive changes post initiation of 7+3 induction drug regimen. Results of cardiac stress testing appear normal.  Cardiac MRI: MRI shows left main myocardium hypoperfusion with myocardioblastomas in the myocardium periventricular (Pv) and ventricles (Vs). The MR is unremarkable. The left ventricle is hypoperfused with large blood vessel calcifications. Left atrial and atrial enlargement is suspected.  Toxicology screen for AML reveals a positive immunohistochemitination for the α2 and β3 receptor subtypes, which are associated with AML.  Electrocardiogram: The patient experiences atrial fibrillation, tachycardia with conduction block, and ECG is unremarkable. No structural changes.  Platelets analysis shows no abnormalities.  Management: Treatment with 10 mg/mL of etoposide, 3 mg/mL of leucovorin, and 100 μmol/kg every 14 h with 3 mg/mL of lopinavir/ritonavir is initiated. The goal of therapy should be to maintain platelet aggregation at the 10 mg/mL of etoposide and lopinavir/ritonavir doses until platelet activation is achieved at the 12 mg/mL dose. At this time the platelet counts and fibrillin-1 (fibrinogen binding protein I) levels should be maintained at 10–20× normal controls (10× normal for fibrinogen), if possible (see ADVERSE REACTIONS for additional drug doses).  Possible treatment of platelet activation: 5 % leucovorin solution for 1 hour, followed by a 50 millilitre dose of leucovorin on day 2, followed by maintenance doses until platelet activation is achieved. Alternatively: 5% leucovorin solution for 1 hour followed by a 50 millilitre dose of leucovorin every 8 hours until platelet activation is achieved and then maintenance doses may be necessary (see ADVERSE REACTIONS).  Cocaine dose is increased to 60 mg every 8 hours after 7+3 induction. If initial platelet activation is achieved, 5 mg/mL may be added every 14