PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  This patient present with symptoms of arthritis and joint pain. He has been taking ibuprofen daily but recently reports pain the morning which has intensified. 

RESPONSE:

   Physical Exam - Arthritis -  Radiograph (X-Ray) - MRI   Pain with Movement (spasm)  Dilated pupil - Headache  Painful Stroke  Elevation of Knee - Urologic Tract (kidney)   Bilateral Hypotension (high blood pressure)  Diagnosis   Chronic Chronic Ulcerative Peptic Ulceration  Treatment - Surgery  Patiotherapy (Treatment is only prescribed if symptoms don't improve)  The patient will also take NSAIDs  Diagnostic & Implantable Defibrillator (EICD) is used to test for possible heart abnormalities and may assist in diagnosis  Chronic Ulcerative Peptic Ulceration (CUPU) is a chronic disease of the bowel. According to Dr. Stephen Hernan, Professor of Surgery at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City, a CUPU patient will typically have 5-6 types of abnormal stools in a lifetime, but this doesn't necessarily mean that a CUPU patient has any ulcers. The symptoms of ulcers range from vague to debilitating; these symptoms are most commonly attributed to pain and/or a high degree of inflammation that occur in the abdominal area. Ulceration can occur anywhere from the stomach (pancreatic) or the colon (colon) to the knee. It is important for the doctor to know the exact location of the ulcer, as it may be localized, or it may occur in the back or in the abdomen. Ulcerative Peptic Ulceration is often asymptomatic but the pain may be aggravated by a number of things including stress, anxiety, stress-related surgery, food allergies, malnutrition, and other medical conditions. According to Dr. Hernan, the pain of ulcerative peptic ulcers generally results from the fact that the muscles (peristalsis) are contracting which increases the pressure for the normal digestive system to function and move food through the intestines. The stress and anxiety that may come into play if we don't control the acid in the stomach and the resulting increase in the pressure can affect the amount of stomach acid, as well as the amount of the stomach acid in the body. While there is not a specific treatment for ulcerative peptic ulcers other than rest, the disease is progressive and patients need proper rehabilitation. 