PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  Fever and urinary symptoms: Should these symptoms return please contact your family doctor urgently or visit your nearest emergency department.

RESPONSE:

  If these symptoms persist contact your GP. If you have been to hospital or hospital emergency department in the last 3 days then you should visit your nearest emergency department as soon as possible. Contact your nearest ambulance and contact their emergency department to check if they have a rapid responder in attendance.  Fever and urinary symptoms: Any other symptoms to check for and get yourself checked for include a headache, chest pain, confusion (not always clear what is causing it), drowsiness  Affected People: It is important that you contact your doctor as soon as possible if you feel unwell.  Call NHS 111 for an ambulance if you feel unwell without a doctor.  Emergency Advice: In the event of any emergency:  Call 999 in an emergency with details of what happened or are being affected by.  Go straight to the ED at a level 1 hospital  Call 999 and get information on how to contact your doctor or ambulance service in case you have a long delay getting to a doctor  If possible, have someone with you in the ED that knows about your symptoms  Stay with your companion until they are able to take you up to the nearest level 1 hospital  The patient should be admitted to the hospital by ambulance on arrival unless:  The patient has been admitted by ambulance to a level 1 hospital in a hospital that already has a Quick Response Transport team (QRT) that can treat acutely ill patients immediately. A patient with acute kidney injury or end stage renal failure (ESRD) may require additional support from a QRT in the prehospital setting.  Hospitalisation is not necessary  No other suitable hospital is available (e.g. ambulance chopper or emergency department, medical centre, referral hospital, long term acute hospital, or acute general medicine and surgery in NHS hospitals). A level 1 hospital (which already has a Quick Response Transport team) may be an alternative for people who cannot make their own way and cannot wait for an ambulance or QRT to arrive. Please check the Quick Response Transport team at www.nhs.uk/qrt before you get in a car or go by ambulance with a family member or friend.  If there are no doctors/nurses available within 30 mins of the referral of your patient to the emergency department then they should be admitted to the hospital in an Emergency Department and given care from the emergency department staff on a level one basis (i.e. without being seen by a doctor). Your doctor may prescribe