PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  The patient was seen for a well visit with no major complaints. For seasonal allergies, continue on OTC medications and schedule her next visit with primary care

RESPONSE:

  provider for routine blood test.  Management: This patient was seen for allergy testing and had the following laboratory results documented. No evidence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) or other underlying conditions. She is in excellent health with a history of asthma, but no history of asthma exacerbations within the past year.  The patient had not been on any medication for 4 months. She was taking an allergy medication, an Eukanuba tablet, but was unaware it contained a proteinase inhibitor.  The patient's history included the following: 2 years prior to presenting to our office, patient presented with severe nasal congestion (asthma-like activity), which the physician attributed to an allergy. She had attended allergy clinics (allergy, immunization/vaccinations clinic) within the past 6 months.  On the 3rd visit in November, she had an exacerbation of nasal congestion with no clinical evidence of anaphylaxis. The following day, the patient experienced a decrease in nasal congestion which was attributed to the medication that was now stopping allergen-induced inflammation.  Her history included the following: 1 year prior to presenting to our office, patient was diagnosed with chronic migraine headaches which were persistent (lasting a month) and resulted in fatigue on a 1-8 scale.  1 week prior to presenting to our office, patient went to the emergency department with an acute exacerbation of migraine headaches, which was followed by fever, headache, chills, body aches, and nausea. Patient discontinued use of migraine medication and did not report any other symptoms after this episode.  This patient had been taking a daily eucalyptus oil (Cecereol) for asthma control. The patient did not recall any symptoms from this medication before her last episode.  Treatment: At her last appearance at our office, this patient was unresponsive and had a seizure that had occurred 5 minutes prior to presentation.  Her symptoms included: Difficulty breathing; Difficulty concentrating or thinking; Nausea; and rapid heart rate.  She was rushed to the emergency department and placed on ventilator support. The EEG was abnormal (7:00–8:30 am) with no change consistent with an epileptic seizure. The patient was diagnosed with an acute exacerbation of asthma, chronic migraine headaches with no known cause and was given an anti-epileptic medication (sertraline).  2 weeks following admission, there was no improvement in symptoms