PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE The patient presents with allergic rhinitis and a history of GERD and concerns about sleep apnea. 

RESPONSE:

  The patient is in very high overall health and is currently under a medical care management.  There is no other coexisting condition that is of concern.  This is a high-risk patient for anaphylaxis and there needs to be an immediate, appropriate, and documented evaluation. The patient presents with a history of GERD and concerns regarding sleep apnea. PATIENT'S CASE PRESENTS: SUMMARY The patient presents with a history of sleep apnea, history of allergy to wheat including prior food sensitivities, history of hay fever and hives, history of allergy to peanuts, history of seasonal allergies including hay Fever, allergic rhinitis, and a history of a past bout of atopic eczema. This is a very unusual and unique set of symptoms with a good clinical presentation. In the absence of another etiology or diagnosis this case illustrates a case of a patient with a history of hay fever and hives during a previous reaction to a food. The patient is currently in high energy, and very sensitive health state. The patient meets all of the criteria for atopic eczema (e.g. asthma triggers, IgE antibody testing) which is a high risk for a suspected food allergy. The patient is under significant stress with very high levels of fatigue. The patient has been diagnosed with an IgR positive food sensitivity test, and the patient has an IgG4 positive skin prick test. She also has a history of a rash on her arm, at time of presentation. DISCUSSION:  The patient presents with a history of hay fever and hives during a previous reaction to a food. The patient does not remember what food she was eating before (it could have been a food, a medicine, etc). This is a clear case of food allergy and the food is wheat, at a time of acute reaction to wheat. It is worth noting that the other symptoms noted in this case were not present before this food reaction, and were not caused by the food as the case did not have hay fever. CONCLUSION:  The case demonstrates several things.  Firstly, this is an unusual case of a patient with a history of hay fever and hives during a previously noted reaction to wheat. This case demonstrates that a food allergy can occur in an otherwise healthy individual, even when there is no history of a reaction to food prior to the presentation of this case. The case also demonstrates that IgE testing can not accurately predict