PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

RESPONSE:

 . Because her symptoms have improved, she was sent in for a full evaluation.  WHAT HAPPENED She presented to the diabetes team with signs of fatigue and low blood glucose that were suggestive of diabetes insipidus. She had normal urinalysis, renal and serum creatinine levels and a urine pH of 7.21. She had no significant kidney, renal or serum antibodies and no clinical signs of CVD or T2DM. She had no significant coagulation, haemostasis or thrombotic risks. The pt had the following blood glucose management guidelines: 120 mg/dl fasting  75 mg/dl 2 hours after beginning insulin  135 mg/dl 2 hours after beginning insulin with a small dose of insulin for an hour  200 mg/dl every 3 hours after beginning insulin The pt had already begun to increase in her insulin dosage with her own body weight to approximately 120 mg/dl at time of visit.  The pt had been doing a 2 week protocol of daily 50 mg of oral Glutensinolone. Prior to her visit with the dieticians, she had been doing a 75 mg/dl 2 hours after beginning insulin with a small dose of insulin for an hour.  The pt had already taken the Lantus injection for her CVD risk.  This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. She was previously referred to a nephrologist.  A 55 year old female was referred for a review of her cardiovascular risk factors (CVD, hypertension and high blood sugar). Her initial visit was also to receive the Lantus infusion for her CVD risk. She has had an extensive history of hypertension: history of stroke (with transient TIA), angina (with transient ischaemic attack), peripheral artery disease, subacute MI and transient ischaemic attack with ischemia. She is on beta blockers and statins. She has undergone two heart attacks. She had a recent diagnosis of diabetes insipidus. Previous medical history included myocardial infarction in 1973 as an adult.  Background  Background 1. Patients and methods 2. Results 3. Discussion 4. Conclusion 5. Funding situation and conflicts of interests 6. References This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist. Because her symptoms have improved, she was sent in for a full evaluation.