PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

RESPONSE:

  for several weeks, especially if heart attack risk is present. Consider other types of cardiac testing; e.g., echocardiography and exercise stress test.  Prevention:  A high LDL cholesterol level may be considered independent of risk factors for heart failure as a whole as this is not thought to be related to the presence of myocardial inflammation. The relationship with myocardial immune dysfunction is still unclear, however, as studies indicate the level is low in many patients with myocardial infarction, despite the presence of the inflammatory markers of the myocardium (11-13). This would imply that LDL may be a simple marker of inflammation, though this is not proven. As mentioned previously, patients with a low baseline LDL level may be under-represented as myocardial infarction is usually the primary cause of death, but this should not be an indicator of poor prognosis. A high risk for myocardial infarction is an independent predictor of poor outcome.  Myocardial immunosuppression  Myocardial inflammation is a significant risk factor for myocardial failure to the extent that it confers a high degree of myocardial failure independent of other disease risk factors (14-18).  A low level of IL-6 expression has been associated with myocardial dysfunction when expressed independently of IL-1β. IL-6 is important for myocardial function, cell cycle regulation and inflammation (18). This is important in the context that IL-6 is a direct cytokine with an important role in the myocardial microenvironment (19); when IL-6 binds to T-lymphocytes in the myocardium it causes cellular activation and the subsequent production of cytokines capable of causing myocardial damage. IL-6 has been consistently associated with the development and progression of myocardial inflammation. IL-6 expression is often reduced in individuals with myocardial infarction and myelographic abnormalities. Thus, myocardial disease and inflammation are closely linked.  It is now well established that myocardial inflammation is not only associated with myocardial function and dysfunction, but also with increased myocardial damage (20-23). For example, decreased expression of inflammatory markers in myocardium (e.g.. IL-6) is associated with improved survival in patients in cardiac transplantation (24-26). In fact, this is true even to the degree that some anti-inflammatory drugs decrease the myocardial