PROMPT:

AP:  The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist

RESPONSE:

 . PICU:  A room where patients can be stabilized while undergoing intensive care care.  The National Healthcare Safety Network has compiled a list of the most common problems during emergency medicine visits at emergency medical services.  These include:  Misdiagnosis  Misdiagnoses are defined as making a wrong diagnosis. For example, an initial chest X-ray is missed because the patient is obese or a diabetic and there is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  Failing to treat a life-threatening disease  Emergency medical service providers are trained to look for the signs of a serious disease before an urgent admission for treatment. But when doctors and nurses don't recognize the disease, they end up spending unnecessary time trying to save it.  Failing to perform necessary tests  When a doctor, nurse or EMT is faced with a health problem, they are expected to do a variety of tests. These include physical examinations, lab exams and ordering appropriate prescriptions, among others.  Improper use of diagnostic tests  Emergency medical technicians and other medical personnel receive specialized training during pre- and post-hospitalization medical schools. This gives them a high degree of proficiency in different types of tests.  Failure to follow procedures  As part of a standard operating procedure, emergency doctors and technicians must make a routine series of physical examinations, blood draws and CT scans a routine part of care. But that isn't always the case. For example, when a patient arrives at the hospital with an infected wound, they need to be given antibiotics as well as given a CT or MRI to diagnose the infection.  Failing to follow an order  An emergency physician or paramedic may instruct a staff member to do something a patient wants them to do. But the patient hasn't asked their doctor or nurse to perform the action, so it's generally not the best choice. A similar situation occurs with a medical order asking, "Do not perform MRI on heart patient."  For the complete list of the most frequent health care problems, visit the National Healthcare Safety Network's Health Care Complication Ranking.  Check out these five safety tips to prevent serious medical problems when you go on medical leave at work.  HealthCare.com: 3 common mistakes made by new moms  Want more health insurance tips?  • Check out our latest health insurance tip sheet  • Read more articles on health insurance  • See a glossary of health insurance terms  