PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  The patient presents with eye pain and worsening vision. He reports bluriness over the past feel days without history of glaucoma, cataracts or other eye disease

RESPONSE:

  or trauma. The eye pain is most pronounced when he looks at direct light sources in a bright room such as a windowsill. No peripheral changes are noted with no known vascular disease or other obvious cause for the visual disturbance. At night or during deep sleep, the patient experiences light sensitivity which includes a blurred background behind the eyes due to a reduced or decreased peripheral illumination. There is no history of corneal or optic disk pathology. On careful visual history and examination, the patient states that his vision is normal (correct and sharp) until the late evening and that his vision improves after sleep and bright lights. The patient reports that he has difficulty seeing in the dim light and may look at the bright light source directly. There is no history of a medical history involving ophthalmic trauma or disease. The patient has no family history of ophthalmic disorders. There is no family history of a systemic disease such as HIV or leukemia (unless the patient is being treated for such disease). In the past, the patient has had occasional headaches which resolved with rest. The patient denies any depression. He is a white male, 30-35 years, 5 feet 10 inches tall and weighs 185 pounds (80 kg). Diagnostic Criteria Uveitis refers to abnormal intraocular pressure, a symptom which, if present, is considered suspicious for glaucoma. It is diagnostic of glaucoma. It should be differentiated from cataract or other intraocular pathology. The Uveitis Screening Test may be used to determine the presence of UVE. It measures intraocular pressure using a catheter placed in the eye [see WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS]. Uveitis, when it is not diagnosed early, is a potentially malignant cause of glaucoma. Prognosis Although glaucoma is treated with steroids and anti-inflammatory medications, a glaucoma progression may occur over time which in turn may result in corneal ulceration. The treatment of the underlying cause may be unsuccessful. The ultimate outcome is that of the patient. The long-term prognosis of UVE is not known.  XIKA SUSCEPTIBILITY  Hypersensitivity reaction is an allergic reaction to a substance or a mixture of substances which in the presence of an IgE receptor has the potential to cause hypersensitivity reactions. The most commonly identified IgE-antigens to which this may occur are the latex protein (Lupron®) and zinc (Zn).  When