PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

RESPONSE:

 . If no signs of heart attack or symptoms occur then do not stop taking medications and continue your care plan.  Treatment for High Blood Pressure  Treatment for high blood pressure is not the same as it is for hypertension. If you have hypertension, the first step in treatment is to follow your doctor's treatment plan. If you do not have hypertension you will need to work with your doctor to determine which type of treatment is best for you. A common treatment of high blood pressure is diuretics.  Diuretics can be used for treating high blood pressure in people with high cholesterol. Diuretics, or water pills, increase urine output. Diuretics are not effective in people with hypertension.  A second type of treatment for high blood pressure includes antihypertensive medications. Antihypertensive agents, such as ACE inhibitors, diuretics, beta blockers, and calcium channel blockers, lower blood pressure by suppressing the production of certain chemicals in the blood vessels.  When to Consult a Doctor  If your blood pressure is outside the normal range or is persistently elevated, or has worsened in the past 2 years then see your doctor as soon as possible. If you have had a heart attack or stroke, or are at the low risk of having an acute heart attack then see your doctor soon to determine if you should continue your treatment or change your medications.  Before You See a Doctor  Consider the following before seeing your primary care physician:  Have a doctor or other health professional check all the above factors, but be sure to get all of the information needed for your visit (for example, medications you are taking and any other tests you have been instructed to perform for a normal appointment).  Make a full-scale, unsupportive hospital admission history so that you can get a more detailed picture of your medical and nutritional health before your visit. Your doctor may not want to know about any health problems you were treated for after your injury when you are recuperating from your injury.  Schedule an appointment for a mental health assessment.  Have a family member or friend in the hospital where you are recovering to help you get used to the different setting.  What to Expect  Your doctor or health care provider will ask about your medical and medical history, as well as how you have been doing with your injuries, as part of your regular physical exam. This will also include any recent infections or injuries.  The doctor will examine you in the