PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION The patient presents with a fever and shortness of breath associated with community acquired pneumonia

RESPONSE:

 . The history is that he was outdoors during inclement weather in his living environment and a warm wind occurred when he attempted to stand up. The patient was also sweating profusely. Tests for fever are negative. The patient's urine is slightly acidic. The blood culture is negative for E. coli but positive for Vibrio vulnificus which grows poorly in our local water supply. The patient does not have signs and symptoms of Vibrio vulnificus infection but he does have a history of swimming under polluted water. The patient also presents with an unusual cough, his eyes are red, and he has intermittent, mild fever that is often greater than 103ºF. Blood tests are normal. The patient's heart is asymptomatic. Asymptomatic heart rhythms are very rare, making it difficult to diagnose. The diagnosis is confirmed by EKG. The patient's vital signs are slightly elevated and a slightly elevated blood pressure is consistent with acute respiratory distress syndrome. The patient responds well to intravenous fluids and is otherwise stable during these last few days. After the patient has been isolated for 48 hours, the EKG is normalized, he responds well to bronchodilators, and he is discharged safely.  Case 2 This 47 year old man who lives in a remote area where no water is provided for public use presents with a complaint of malaise and fever. The patient states that he spends a great deal of time outdoors where the air temperature is typically below 40ºF, but on at least two occasions this patient has experienced the very same symptoms of malaise, fever, malaise, and cough that this patient presents with. His most recent visit occurred when his fever was 48ºF. The patient states that he was at work the previous Friday when he was at home, and he was sitting in a lawn chair and noticed a slight elevation of his right eye and a slight swelling in his right hand. He took his hand to his own eye and the swelling was gone. The physician noted that after noticing this, the patient was in great pain but the fever subsided. His family has never been vaccinated and he did not have any other prior medical history. The patient also states that he wears sunglasses at all times and does not wear sunscreen. He does not experience any other adverse reactions to sunlight. The patient was evaluated and diagnosed with community acquired pneumonia and his pneumonia improved during the hospitalization. The diagnosis of pneumonia is confirmed by chest X-ray, chest CT scan, and