PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE The patient presents with eye pain and worsening vision. He reports bluriness over the past feel days without history of glaucoma, cataracts or other eye disease

RESPONSE:

 . (A) The patient can tolerate minimal effort at exercise, however, the patient was unable to tolerate walking for more than 5 steps. (B) The patient can tolerate a few steps of moderate intensity from a chair over 5–10 minutes. (C) The patient is able to walk around the neighborhood unassisted but complains of difficulty walking over obstacles or steps while at rest. (D) The patient's left eye became extremely painful, which improved over a period of several days. (E) The patient can tolerate a few minute session of intermittent exercise and has been able to walk at the patient's own pace after 5–10 minutes. (F) The patient can perform some light physical activity unassisted and has been able to walk for more than 1 hour after exercise was discontinued. (G) The patient's right eye presented with a slight flap, but was still capable of seeing after the flap was fixed with a small plastic plate. (H) The patient was advised that the left eye remained swollen even after the right flap was fixed. The patient has been doing fine with the plastic plate fixators from the hospital, without the flap. (I) After 10 days of treatment the flap was removed, and the patient has continued to do fine and has been able to perform daily tasks as indicated above. Conclusion: While there are many factors that determine a functional ability in patients with glaucoma and some of these will not be the same for different types of glaucoma the above case should indicate that patients with the type III glaucoma do better than patients with the different types of glaucoma.  Glaucoma affects 1 in 9 people. For the most part, glaucoma is an inherited disease which is characterized by inflammation of the optic nerve that can cause partial or complete loss of vision. The most common types of glaucoma are type IIa or IIb glaucoma, type IIIb, or type IV. The types are determined by the amount of protein deposits in the lens. Type Ia and IIa are associated with optic nerve inflammation and type III is associated with an accumulation of a protein called beta-amyloid, which is associated with damage to retinal cells. In general, beta-amyloid antibodies bind the beta-amyloid protein and prevent it from doing its job as an adhesive binding protein, thus preventing proper movement of calcium from cells in the eye.  Some type III glaucoma, or choroidal