PROMPT:

History of Present Illness The patient is a 57 y.o. male presenting with chest pain and shortness of breath

RESPONSE:

 .  History of Present Illness The patient is a 60 y.o. male presenting with a low grade fever.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 42 y.o. male with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).  History of Present Illness The patient is a 42 y.o. male presenting with headache.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 50 y.o. male having a history of asthma, chronic hay fever, COPD, heart disease and diabetes.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 52 y.o. male having chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 66 y.o. male with hypertension and hypertension associated with hypertension related renal failure.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 48 y.o. male having a history of COPD and hypertension.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 56 y.o. male presenting with acute asthma.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 51 y.o. male having severe COPD and hypertension.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 46 y.o. male with a history of hyperlipidemia.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 55 y.o. male having COPD.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 36 y.o. male with COPD and hypertension.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 57 y.o. male presenting with a history of COPD.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 40 y.o. male having COPD.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 45 y.o. male with hypertension and COPD.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 60 y.o. man with congestive heart failure, hypertension and COPD.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 66 y.o. man having COPD and hypertension.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 72 y.o. man having COPD with hypertension and COPD.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 74 y.o. man having hypertension and COPD.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 45 y.o. male with dyslipidemia.  History of Present Illness The patient is a 39 y.