PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: Routine discharge to nursing home is scheduled for this afternoon. Patient should continue with physical and occupationsl therapy to regain strength

RESPONSE:

 , and return to work. Patient's condition remains stable.  Discharge Information: Patient scheduled for discharge at 4:30 p.m. Subject, in stable condition in nursing home.  Date of Death: 5/20/2008.  Age at Death: 82  Location of Death: Unknown  Cause of Death: Acute myocardial infarction  Primary Disclosures: Medical history as follows: Acute myocardial infarction 9/23/1988; Acute pancreatitis 7/18/1989; Acute pancreatitis 10/21/1989. Past history of chronic hypertension was noted in 1 patient.  Medical Examiner: Ms. Eunice Mccurdy, San Antonio Coroner  Cause of death: Acute myocardial infarction  Radiology Report on X-ray: The radiologist noted that the heart was in one piece, as seen on the X-ray. She also noted evidence of atherosclerosis in the anterior portion of the right coronary artery.  Additional Comments: This case was handled by the Coroner's office, which is required to record the findings reported in a death certificate. There is a mandatory form to be completed in addition to any other required documentation. The form is in the case file with the case number, not the patient's. This report is a copy of the case file.  Case History #17:  Location: Texas  Date of Death: May 20, 2008  Cause of Death: Acute coronary syndrome with massive arterial thrombosis  Description: Patient had been admitted the night before at the Texas Valley Regional Medical Center on the report of acute chest pain due to peptic ulceration. Patient received initial evaluation for a suspected myocardial infarction, which revealed a severe myocardial infarction (mTVI) and massive coronary artery thrombosis (MCA). The patient was on a low dose of aspirin and was on the verge of cardiac death, when she was transferred to our Texas Heart Institute. Medical staff had been monitoring patient's heart rhythm carefully as well as assessing patient for shock. When she was transferred to our Heart Institute for examination, cardiac arrest was ruled out as the cause of death.  History: X-rays showed that the patient's chest had thrombosed completely and the patient's heart was exposed for all eternity as the left coronary artery ruptured. Patient was reported "