PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis.

RESPONSE:

  After thorough evaluation and treatment including lateral and transverse cephalad-sutures and bilateral epidural steroid injections in conjunction with bilateral hip arthroplasty and transdermal calcibat implants, the patient is discharged to home in great hopes of long-term recovery.  The patient's hip strength improves to the point that it is no longer required for weightbearing at work in which her back pain does not exist, a small reduction in her left femur length is noted between initial and follow-up.    The patient's pain does not disappear and becomes significant at rest as well as during physical exertion that she can never control.    She continues to have a low pain tolerance and is unable to perform activities of daily living.  She has become an extreme care taker and her home lives are increasingly uncomfortable.   Conclusion/Recommendation: This is the first case of anterior compartment syndrome in a patient who received intra-articular calcibonate injections at 4 weeks (n=5) and 6-8 weeks (n=8).  The patient's recovery at 1 and 5 years is remarkable considering the magnitude of the injuries sustained and the time from injury, as well as the complexity of the procedures.  Positron emission tomography showed calcifications within the anterior compartment syndrome and within the right pelvic diaphysis.    Hip osteotomy was performed with no complications.  There was no pain or limitation in daily living functions at 1 year, a marked return of strength and functional ability at 5 months, and no further deterioration at 1 year.  This shows once again that intra-articular calcibonate injections are a safe, effective and reliable treatment option in patients with a complex pathogenesis of anterior compartment syndrome. Discussion/Conclusions: The right sacroiliac joint, sacroiliac ligament and sacroiliac disk ligament are among the most affected structures in the body and play a role in the stability of the pelvis.  These structures have complex histories that include numerous injuries, degenerative changes, and inflammatory processes, all of which affect their function.  Anterior compartment syndrome is a common mechanism of injury with traumatic compression, dislocation, and subsequent dislocation of the anterior body of the sacroiliac joint and the sacroiliac ligament and disk ligament of both hips.    Anterior compartment syndrome does not occur in isolation from the underlying pathological