PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis.

RESPONSE:

  The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis.  TREATMENT OF ARCHITECTURAL CAUSES OF PAIN – A.R.  A complete evaluation is performed by an otolaryngologist (OP), preferably a specialist to the orthopaedic field, to establish the diagnosis. Diagnostic tests (ultrasound, X-ray) are performed as necessary to establish the nature of the lesions and how deep they are. If the problem is systemic in origin, it will usually involve the whole limb or hip as a whole.  The treatment of arachnoidal causes of pain is almost invariably surgical. The cause of the pain is known from palpation and a thorough history of the symptoms that developed over the preceding months, which can suggest a systemic problem. The surgical management of arachnoidal causes of pain is described in detail in the respective sections.  CORE PAIN CAUSES OF ARCHITECTURAL ISSUES  Surgical Management of ARCHITECTURAL NECK CAUSES OF PAIN  A. Rheumatoid Arthritis - Surgical Treatment  There is little or no difference in surgery for inflammatory arthropathies on bone as in inflammatory arthritis (RA), although the operative technique may differ depending on the type of arthropathy being treated. The most common arthroplasty (or osteotomy) for inflammatory arthropathies involves opening and narrowing of the periosteum. It also involves the excising of inflammatory tissue and then removing bone from the bone defect. Osteotomy is usually performed by an anesthesiologist (A) or an anesthetic specialist (A/A) with anesthesia (O) and sedation (S), under medical supervision because of risk of aspiration of material and the risk of trauma to the patient. Osteotomy does not cause as great a risk of complications for a patient as arthroplasty in RA. It is also safer when performed by an anesthesiologist.  B. Acute Ligamentitis  A. Rheumatoid Arthritis - Anterior Ligament (AL) Tearing  Cure-for-Life - This technique involves surgical separation of the anterior part of the tendon from the bone. This technique also uses the excision of adjacent fib