PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  Patient will continue medications and therapy at home. Follow-up with her PCP is recommended within the next 7 days

RESPONSE:

 .  If that is unsuccessful, the patient will return the following week and will continue medication and therapy as instructed by her doctor.   MANDATORY DIAGNOSIS  Medical history should include: history of pregnancy with documented menses, no other medical conditions, and no previous pelvic conditions.  Diagnostic tests will include: Ultrasound examination: The ultrasound exam will be used to take a detailed look at the pelvic floor for signs or deformities.   Anal exam:  Pudendal and perineal examination:  Anal and urethral examination:  Laboratory tests will include: Blood, urine, urine culture, protein, and electrolytes.  PREPARATION OPTIONS: Patients with a history of chronic conditions, endometriosis, pelvic disorders, or prolapse can be advised to begin taking the birth control pill at the same time of their pelvic floor examination.   Pelvic floor exercises are prescribed according to the patient's level of need, pelvic floor exercises are usually performed on the following day (week) of the pelvic floor examination. In addition to pelvic floor exercises one can use foam roller, muscle and strength training, physiotherapy, or physical therapy.  INSTRUCTIONS:  To prepare for the Pap exam the patient will be placed on her back with her feet and elbows locked and feet stretched out.   A pelvic floor muscle exam will be performed on the pelvis.   Pelvic floor exercises will be performed 2 to 3 times a week.   Pelvic floor exercises should be done twice a week.   Pelvic floor exercises should alternate between 3 phases of the day (7 am to 7 pm) to increase blood flow. For each period of pelvic floor exercises a 4 hour period will be recommended to rest in between the pelvic floor exercises. During this time all other activities can be carried on without interruption.  If a doctor orders an ultrasound exam before pelvic floor exercises or after pelvic floor exercises, the time taken to perform this test should not exceed 30 minutes. In the doctor's office the patient may be advised to do a pelvic floor exercise immediately if she has been instructed not to do pelvic floor exercises for a period of time.  The following is a step-by-step guide for pelvic floor exercises.   Exercise Instructions: *Begin with warm up. Perform 3 sets of 8 repetitions. Rest 4-6