PROMPT:

HPI Comments The patient is a 78 year old female with a history of stroke and hypertension. She recently fell in her home and reports dizziness and lightheadness

RESPONSE:

 . Headache is the only symptom present. A CT scan showed a left hemisphere infarct affecting the posterior region. The MRI was suggestive of infarction and showed an elevated left hemifacial mass. A CT and MRI were performed and a 4 mm posterior thalamic infarct was confirmed with a 10.5 mm left thalamic mass consistent with a left-sided infarction. The patient is a heavy smoker with no history of any stroke. She has had a small amount of brain metastasis. Imaging revealed a high left-sided ventricular mass and an intracranial haemorrhage indicative of an infection. She was given 3 weeks of aggressive chemotherapy. She was found in a state of comatose and died 6 months after a primary care consultation, a few hours after starting her treatment. There was no correlation between outcome and smoking or alcohol in this patient.  Clinical scenario  Head injury is commonly reported after motor vehicle accident with head trauma accounting for up to 20-50% of CT-guided anterior head injury in patients with head injury [3]. A higher proportion of patients treated with anterior head injury surgery and CT scanning had significant haematoma after the surgery versus post-surgery or post-CT scan imaging [4]. In a retrospective study of 792 patients who underwent CT scanning and were followed up 6 months, 1-3/4 patients had brain haemorrhage [5]. The rate of increased intracranial haematoma following CT scanning in patients with CT head injury varied between 0% to 50% [6]. Patients with intracranial haemorrhage after CT scan reported more disability and were more likely to be readmitted [6].  In patients with no history of head injury, it is common for a small proportion to develop cerebral infarction secondary to brain infection. It is likely that infection is a pre-condition, but it may be a contributing cause of the increased intracranial haematoma seen after CT scan. A number of different infections can produce a high intracranial haematoma; bacterial meningitis are the most common type of infection. The most common causes are bacterial meningitis (25-60%), herpes simplex encephalitis (25-30%), and intracranial haemorrhage (20-25%) [7]. However the majority of intracranial haematomas are caused by cytomegalovirus