PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  The patient presents with a fever and shortness of breath associated with community acquired pneumonia

RESPONSE:

 .  Case Presentation: During this course, we find a patient who has a history of hospital acquired pneumonia but had been seen prior to onset of symptoms who had no previous symptoms suggestive of an influenza virus infection. At presentation, this patient is agitated, has rapid respiration, and complains of the same difficulty in breathing. The patient is taken to a hospital and his sputum is screened for influenza virus.  Investigation: During the patient's initial exam, he coughs and has a fever. His respiratory rate is greater than normal. The patient is oriented for possible influenza virus infection and given a nasogastric (NG) tube. No influenza virus is detectable in the patient's sputum (pH=6.5) and his blood test results are negative for influenza, influenza-like illness, or influenza vaccine. He is discharged home. No clinical improvement occurs with observation.  Outcome: While waiting to be discharged from the hospital, the patient contacts a family member who has been hospitalized at the institution and is admitted for hospital acquired pneumonia. The following day he reports a high fever and shortness of breath with the same difficulty in breathing. The family physician considers the patient symptomatic and transfers him to a clinical research facility (CRF) for further testing. Upon arrival at the CRF, the patient is given IV fluids and a respiratory stimulant. No improvement is reported. When the patient arrives at home, his temperature and shortness of breath worsen while he is in bed and are not better by the end of the day. He is taken to a hospital for further evaluation of his sputum for influenza virus with no evidence of influenza virus in his sputum. He receives a course of oral neuraminidase inhibitors (e.g., ritonavir). Aspirin is avoided to reduce the likelihood that the patient will develop an allergic reaction to the neuraminidase inhibitors. Approximately two weeks after he has left the CRF, the patient develops diarrhea and is admitted to a local hospital for further evaluation.  Discussion: The common manifestations associated with community acquired pneumonia caused by influenza virus are chest pain and shortness of breath ( ). The most common clinical finding among patients who develop community acquired pneumonia is influenza-like illness. Patients may report two or more exacerbations of a respiratory illness over an approximate ten-minute period. These symptoms occur after one or two days, generally between the hours of 11 pm and 2 am. A variety of organisms have been reported, including