PROMPT:

Past Medical History This is a follow-up visit from prior encounter for back pain. The patient is continuing physicial therapy and OTC medications to manage the pain

RESPONSE:

 . The visit is a follow-up, more or less the same but is for a second time.  Include: Physical examination x-ray physical exam  Electrodermal test  Pain threshold test  Pain tolerance test  The patient should also have a complete medical history form, including any allergies, medications and treatment history.  PAP test – to determine if there is blood flow to the nerves in the spinal cord in question: The PAP test is usually performed in the setting of chronic pain in the neck or shoulder. After taking a baseline measurement of blood flow to the affected nerve, the patient is given a needle and the patient must perform the "pinch test" in order to find the nerve's source. In the patient's right arm, the patient pinches down on the left thumb as if there was going to be a pain pinch, and then the patient's other right arm is "pinch tested". If a pain pinch has occured, blood flow to the affected nerve is measured with the needle and a reading is given on an electrodermal probe. This shows that blood flow to the affected nerve can be measured. A negative reading is the result of lack of blood flow to the nerve. If the patient doesn't feel any pressure in the left forearm, this means that there is still a lack of circulation to the nerve. This is called a no change (CC) reading. If the patient does feel anything in the right arm, that indicates normal function of the nerve. A positive reading is a lack of blood flow in that nerve.  Treatment The following tests and medications will be used in the examination of chronic pain in the lumbosacral spine. An examination of the spine should be performed even if the patient is not in pain. It is possible that the pain is just in the patient's mind. Treatment options should include medication to control pain or to improve function. Table 2. Select Drugs for Treatment of Pain: Topical  Antibiotics to control inflammation  Anti-Inflammatory medication: Acetaminophen  Benzocaine/Citrus peels  Cortisone/Cetone creams  Duloxetine (Zoloft)  Fentanyl (Heroin /Fentanyl) Topical Antibiotics to control inflammation Anti-Inflammatory medications Duloxetine (Zoloft)  Fentanyl/Heroin/Fentanyl  Hydrocodone