PROMPT:

Assessment: Pt is a uncontrolled type 2 diabetic with stage 3 chronic kidney disease. A nephrology consult and continued management of hypertension 

RESPONSE:

  (systolic blood pressure ≥140 mm Hg, diastolic blood pressure ≥80 mm Hg) are required to achieve therapeutic targets; this patient is an example of the "healthy" patient from which we can learn from.  A patient with "high risk" renal failure without hypertension and with chronic kidney disease is less clearly defined.  A patient who has a positive family history of CVD with a family history of renal failure is also in that class.      We're all here. Here we go. Step 1: The "normal" patient The "normal" patient is defined as a healthy adult without a family history of CVD.  There is no doubt that all the individuals in the next table are "healthy" individuals.  They are all in their 50s.  The one at the end, however, was diagnosed as having chronic kidney disease and had hypertension.  I'd be curious if you could identify "sane" people who also had hypertension.  I'm sure there would be people who would agree that this individual is indeed a "healthy" adult and not a patient with CVD. Let's consider the "other" persons.  There are several differences between the two groups.  The primary difference is that "curing" hypertension in the "normal" patient requires a therapeutic goal of <140 mm Hg and <80 mm Hg and a treatment goal of <140 mm Hg and <80 mm Hg. I'd like to draw this out.  By definition, the "normal" patient is an individual who's had no clinically important elevation in blood pressure or systolic blood pressure of 20 mm Hg.  Therefore an individual has an elevated systolic blood pressure of 20 mm Hg and not a normal blood pressure.  Furthermore, the "normal" patient is an individual whose systolic blood pressure is within 20 mm Hg of the median. You can tell a lot from this.  Here are the important clinical points:  - The "other" patients in the next table have both an elevated systolic blood pressure (20 mm Hg) and an elevated diastolic blood pressure (50 mm Hg).   - For the "other" patients, the elevated blood pressures are related to their medical diagnoses.  "Normal" individuals do not have elevated blood pressures.  As mentioned earlier, "normal" individuals usually do not have