PROMPT:

HPI Comments The patient reports several symptoms associated with depression, including low enegery and irregular sleeping habits. The patient has

RESPONSE:

  not been on medications with monoamine oxidase inhibitor or noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor for at least 3 weeks or more. The patient has a family history of mood disorders. The patient's physician or psychiatrist recommends a diagnosis of unipolar depressive disorder. The patient agrees, but he or she cannot be put on SSRI antidepressants because of lack of evidence of response within 2 weeks. The patient is placed on lithium and dexamethasone. This agent has been found to be effective in patients whose symptoms are similar to those of unipolar depressive disorder and which have limited response to SSRI antidepressants. The patient's diagnosis of MDD does not overlap with bipolar depression, and the patient and his/her physician decide to treat his/her MDD together with his/her bipolar disorder. The patient takes lithium and dexamethasone. The patient reports improvement of mood and the onset of hypomanic symptoms. The patient begins taking the antidepressant of choice. Lithium is well tolerated. The patient is given the option of continuing to take lithium plus dexamethasone indefinitely for more improvement of mood and decrease of hypomanic symptoms. The patient chooses to discontinue lithium, which causes his/her lithium levels to return to normal. The initial response may require a gradual decrease in dose of lithium during the next several months. Once a patient has improved, SSRI antidepressants are gradually re-introduced. The patient continues to have low mood symptoms, though he/she continues to be euthymic until his/her lithium levels return to normal. The antidepressant of choice is continued. At this point, the patient is ready for lithium without SSRI antidepressants. The lithium levels rebound and the patient achieves normal mood and hypomanic symptoms without SSRI antidepressants again. The patient can remain on lithium without SSRI antidepressants until he/she reaches his/her goal.  PTSD Comments It is important to note that the criteria for diagnosis of PTSD are somewhat subjective and that a diagnosis of PTSD may be questionable for patients with MDD. For any PTSD diagnosis to be made in someone with MDD, a patient needs to have symptoms consistent enough with posttraumatic stress disorder and to be clearly aware of the presence of symptoms consistent with PTSD. Patients whose symptoms are similar to those of PTSD are typically diagnosed with PTSD as well. The diagnosis of PTSD should generally be made in patients in whom there is a strong probability of the presence of PTSD with symptoms consistent with posttraumatic stress disorder.  Tricyclic antidepressants (TC