PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Routine discharge to nursing home is scheduled for this afternoon. Patient should continue with physical and occupationsl therapy to regain strength

RESPONSE:

 . I am expecting you to stay in this facility until discharge. We plan the next three weeks of treatment here for physical therapy and occupational therapy and have no intention of stopping. The best thing for you is to stay with us so that, in case of emergency, you can reach us immediately. Sincere thanks,  Dr. David C. Cuddy, Chief of Neurosurgery - University of Texas Health Science Center  In September 2011, The Cleveland Clinic Medical Center's policy was revised to say that the doctor-patient relationship "should include discussions of other issues of concern and discuss the possible need for discharge." When the changes occurred, there was not even a debate over whether to allow a patient to seek "exercise of any kind" at home. Patients were told that they shouldn't be asked when the time to go home would be, nor that they need to take any other steps to help them relax when they decide it's time to go home.  "We are currently assessing our policy to ensure that a patient can make an informed decision to seek exercise of any kind on their own," wrote Dr. Daniel W. Kahan, president of the hospital chain at the time, in an emailed statement to the Wall Street Journal. "The changes we are making will ensure patient care is best tailored to each individual situation."  The change in policy, which will occur nationwide between 2015 and 2020, comes in response to a growing body of research suggesting that in some cases, patients who are receiving long-term care in nursing homes may be able to resume their normal life functions if they voluntarily stop exercising. A 2012 study in the American Medical Association's Journal of the American Geriatrics Society looked at patients who were confined to long-term care facilities—most often to nursing homes—and asked whether they preferred to exercise or be sedentary.  At the time, the authors of the study estimated that about one-quarter of patients surveyed were allowed to exercise at home rather than at a nursing facility. The researchers concluded that allowing patients to exercise was a "reasonable option" because "it is important that care providers provide appropriate options when patients want to return home." The study did not ask whether patients needed to receive specific instructions, but their findings suggested not.  The study included several other problems with the care offered to the patients. Patients in the study did not get adequate medication to prevent relapses, and many had inadequate food and water at their homes. Those patients who left their homes had much higher rates of suicide attempts