PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  25 y/o F presents to the ED with R knee pain and bilateral ankle pain following a fall. Pt states she fell down x2 steps onto cement. States she twisted her ankles and R knee.

RESPONSE:

  She then goes into pain and numbness of both leg on the outside and inner side. Examination reveals her Achilles tendon is intact, but the meniscus is loose in the knee. TEE is normal, blood pressure is 125, RR is 15, pain is aggravated on sitting, TMS exam findings suggestive of nerve root compression. Pain on standing on back is worse. Physical examination reveals complete rupture of the meniscus. An EKG is normal. Surgical Evaluation  1. Open flap repair using a 5.00 cm flap was performed. The repair was carried out according to the protocol of Mabuchi et al25 using a Pannus-Schneider adhesive. The graft was sutured to the meniscus. 2. A transurethral repair that replaces the entire meniscus (L4-L5) with a 3.2 cm Pannus-Schneider graft which was sutured to the skin over the femoral artery and femur using a Pannus-Schneider adhesive. The Pannus-Schneider graft was then sutured to the skin over the lumbar spine and to the meniscus using a graft adhesive, the suture was removed and the graft was stitched in place. 3. An intradiscal flap was implanted using a 3.00 cm Pannus-Schneider graft. This graft was sutured to the meniscus. 4. A 5.00 cm flap was used to repair the meniscus using a transurethral, 0.2 m2 mesh repair. 5. The procedure was performed at 4 months out. 6. Six months after surgery, she reported improvement in knee pain. She has continued rehabilitation and has successfully returned up to normal activities. The patient underwent 2 more ACL reconstructions using Pannus-Schneider grafts and she achieved a 100% improvement in the symptoms. The patients' EKG showed no complications. 7. The results was published in: Mabuchi JW; Hasegawa T; Takizawa K; Hoshino S; Sakai H. A case of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction at the lateral meniscus with a graft from the femoral artery with a 5.00 cm Pannus-Schneider graft, and a transurethral repair. Orthop ACL. 2010;6:1-6. Abstract   References  1. E. Pannus