PROMPT:

Assessment: Patient was advised of surigical options but currently plans to pursue continued therapy and medications

RESPONSE:

 , including anti-hypertensive therapies.  Discussion: This patient was evaluated by the neurologist at a neurology practice based in a community hospital. The following is a brief description of the presentation: The patient presented to the clinic with moderate to severe bilateral upper extremity weakness. At the time of exam he had a history of recent surgery with bilateral hip arthroplasty. The patient presented on day 4 of hospitalization. During the examination, palpation of the patient's right foot revealed bilateral hyporeflexion of his first metatarsal. There were no palpable tender areas. The patient further demonstrated normal strength of his dominant foot with normal dorsiflexion of the second metatarsal. His right elbow joint showed a paresthesias. In order to rule out malignancy, a CT scan was obtained to evaluate for fracture. Examination of the left foot revealed normal skin and soft tissue with no apparent evidence of nerve damage or infection. CT scan revealed no significant differences between the scan results of the right and left feet. The initial differential diagnosis of myelopathic arthropathy included: osteomyelitis; myelopathy; paresthesias; myelopathy without trauma; degenerative changes; osteomyelitis; degenerative changes associated with myelopathy; bone disorders; and fractures. The patient was prescribed anti-inflammatory and anti-bruising medications, and his pain was treated with ibuprofen. Despite the patient's desire to continue medication and therapy, he did not have an aggressive management plan (with or without surgical intervention). He was given oral steroids at the start of outpatient consultation. Despite a favorable prehospital evaluation by the physician, the patient was subsequently transferred to the intensive care unit for treatment of hypothermia. However, despite his initial excellent pain management and medication status, he subsequently died of shock due to hypothermia due to the lack of blood products. He has been referred for review by the Institute for Critical Care Medicine at University of Calgary to determine if further investigation in his management was warranted based on the autopsy and review of his postmortem findings; thus far, no investigation has been recommended in his case by the hospital.  CASE SUMMARY  A 62-year-old female presents to the emergency department of the University of Calgary in critical condition having been found unresponsive by a passerby while walking on the sidewalk. She had been located by a passerby while walking on the sidewalk and had demonstrated hypotension. A blood sample was obtained for