PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: Fever and urinary symptoms: Should these symptoms return please contact your family doctor urgently or visit your nearest emergency department.

RESPONSE:

   Urinary problems: Urinary frequency and clear urine are a sign of kidney and bladder function (in older people) or diabetes (in children).  Swelling  Mild fever and chills: Mellowness tends to be an early sign of a flu infection in children, but can usually be treated by the immune system. If swollen lymph nodes or body sores are common, seek urgent medical assistance.  Severe fever and severe muscle aches: As a precaution, you may be advised to change clothes and use cooling gel. However, if you feel unwell, seek immediate medical assistance.  Hives  Mellow: Mild to moderate hives and a red, itchy rash on the lips, tongue, arms, legs, feet, buttocks, or the back of the neck: These symptoms can sometimes be mistaken as flu. However, symptoms occur only occasionally.  Mild: You may see some swelling and blisters around the mouth. It's more likely to occur in older people with a history of asthma or allergies.  Moderate: Severe hives can occur at any time as a result of the inflammation produced by flu virus infection.  Severe: Severe, swollen hives are known as a severe reaction to flu and can be dangerous for people with existing conditions. Seek immediate medical assistance promptly.  Sweaty, dry skin  Mild: Skin becomes dry; dry patches may appear on any part of the body.  Moderate: Blisters develop on the face, neck, back, torso, or legs.  Severe: Skin becomes so dry that it feels like paper, even on moist clothes. This is a medical emergency. Get urgent medical attention.  Chills and fever  Mild: You may feel slightly hot, but will be able to stay in bed.  Moderate: Your fever may get a little worse, but will usually go down within three to four days.  Severe: You may show other flu-like symptoms such as: headache, difficulty sleeping, joint and muscle pains, and body aches. Get immediate medical assistance.  Headache  Severe: Severe headache can lead to severe mental and emotional stress and even seizures. This can make you feel unwell. Seek immediate medical assistance.  Blisters  Chills  Mild: Blisters are less likely to appear as they heal.  Moderate: