PROMPT:

History of Present Illness The patient is a 78 year old female with a history of stroke and hypertension. She recently fell in her home and reports dizziness and lightheadness

RESPONSE:

  but otherwise has normal vital signs and is responsive to stimuli. Her symptoms suggest a transient mixed connective tissue injury of the spine with possible postural hypotension from spinal cord compression. The patient was brought to the ED by her son who noticed that she didn't feel well and was having a difficult time standing. A chest X-ray and computed tomography scan were normal. MRI was performed and shows bilateral psoas muscle fibers with pectus excavatum as a probable lesion (Figure 1). At the time of the MRI, she had been seen at the emergency department for an ipsilateral lower back pain similar to the one we experienced. The patient's pain was not relieved with her usual anti-inflammatory medications although she gave them a try. She was then released with a prescription for oral ibuprofen and told to be back within a few hours.  Figure 1. View largeDownload slide Brain image of patient with probable PTCI and spinal cord compression. A, Cerebral blood flow (CBF) is presented relative to the left hemisphere and is shown as the relative CBF (dotted line). B, Intracranial CT/computed tomography (CT) of right paravertebral artery is shown as cross segment visualization of the parenchymal end. A is shown as a black arrow. Note the presence of hypoperfusion in the medial (blue) and lateral ventricles which is consistent with PTCI.  Figure 1. View largeDownload slide Brain image of patient with probable PTCI and spinal cord compression. A, Cerebral blood flow (CBF) is presented relative to the left hemisphere and is shown as the relative CBF (dotted line). B, Intracranial CT/computed tomography (CT) of right paravertebral artery is shown as cross segment visualization of the parenchymal end. A is shown as a black arrow. Note the presence of hypoperfusion in the medial (blue) and lateral ventricles which is consistent with PTCI.  The patient was found to have a small tear between the left lower artery and the right artery (Figure 2). This fracture was repaired with partial thrombolysis and she was then released with a prescription for oral ibuprofen and told to return within a few hours.  Figure 2. View largeDownload slide Cerebral blood flow (CBF) is presented relative to the left hemisphere and is shown as the relative CBF