PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION Patient is being seen today for her obstetrical visit. She is at 27w0d weeks gestation. Patient reports no complaints, no bleeding, no leaking, no contractions.

RESPONSE:

  There is an acute onset of vaginal discharge of dark purple color, is no longer changing with increasing fetal age. The discharge has a pussy odor to it. Pupils begin to dilate, the nipples are visible in the nipples. The mother asks, "What is this?" The physician states, "This is urine. Your baby is peeing." The mother responds, "Well, he isn't peeing. He's crying!" The physician responds, "Well, he isn't crying, either. He's having contractions." She gives her consent to induce labor. The physician gives a 20 minute break during which the mother is being advised to drink some water. The physician states, "If you will, I would like you to go and sit down and relax. I would like to talk to you for a few minutes." She leaves the room. A few minutes later, the obstetrical nurse asks "Is she still ok?" The physician says, "Absolutely." The technician inquires, "How are contractions?" The nurse responds, "They're not strong enough." On closer inspection, the contractions were not strong, they were only getting stronger. They were not getting weak, they were getting stronger. The physician returns back in the room with the labor and delivery nurse. They have not been able to induce labor. The nurse inquires again, "Is she ready to have your baby?" The physician replies, "Yes she is. I've induced labor. She is pushing her pelvis back up towards the womb. She's going to have the baby in 6 -8 hours." The patient asks, "Well, why haven't they induced labor yet?" The physician replies, "I don't know. If they induce labor now, it is going to be easier. I don't know why it hasn't happened yet." The patient asks why don't they induce labor immediately. The physician replies that the baby is still getting larger, she would expect labor to happen sooner. The patient asks her why is her pelvis back up. The physician says, "It's because of the contractions you have." The patient says, "Is it hard to have a baby now?" The physician replies, "Oh, yes, it is. This contractions are extremely painful." The patient asks the physician if it is OK for her to go to bed while they are having this baby. The physician responds, "Well, I think this is a good time to tell you we are not trying." The patient feels as