PROMPT:

AP:  The ulcer will continue to heal on its own with proper care and dressing change. Pt was advised of proper nutritions and to watch for fever or redness for potential infection

RESPONSE:

 .  VAGINAL HAEMORRHOID:  Patient was not monitored at all during her entire hospitalization. She did not receive the standard of care vaginal douching. It may be that the severity in her condition was not as severe, thus making it more difficult for her to urinate. The patient's case is an example of why vaginal douching and other forms of female genital mutilation are not acceptable.  RECOMMENDATION:  We recommend:  RECOMMENDATION: If the female patient is a 15 year old or older female.  CASE B: Female patient's case:  SUMMARY:  Female patient, age 18 years.  Urinary incontinence.  Symptoms:  Urinary frequency, urgency.  Risk factors:  Family history of urinary incontinence.  Complications:  Somatic urethral stricture.  Routine surgical management:  The first step was to give the patient a thorough physical examination. During this examination, her hymen (bald-spot area) was evaluated. At this time it appeared normal. She was followed up with x-ray which revealed the presence of a urethral stricture. Her case is an example of why vaginal douching and other forms of female genital mutilation are not acceptable.  DOSE-EFFECTIVENESS:  The majority of cases were rated as moderate.  CONCLUSION:  We recommend:  RECOMMENDATION: If the female patient is a 15 year old or older female.  CASE C: Female patient's case:  SUMMARY:  Female patient, age 29 years.  Urinary incontinence.  Symptoms:  Urinary frequency, urgency.   Risk factors:  Genital tract infection.  Complications:  Vaginal stricture and perineal adhesions due to post-operative complications.  Routine surgical management:  First, the bladder was dilated (transurethral). This is done for a couple of days with some medication before the patient is able to urinate after the procedure. Following this transurethral procedure, a transurethral catheter was inserted for a couple weeks until the patient was discharged. After this, she took the usual prescription pills for her bladder