PROMPT:

Assessment: Fever and urinary symptoms: Should these symptoms return please contact your family doctor urgently or visit your nearest emergency department.

RESPONSE:

   Management: A rapid diagnosis and effective treatment of the underlying cause is important. The treatment of the underlying cause may be required. A diagnosis, evaluation and management of the underlying cause (eg. infection) is the starting point for the treatment of the associated pathophysiology.   Diagnosis of acute pyelonephritis  When the clinical history of acute pyelonephritis is available, the clinician should perform a complete physical examination (Table). They should also perform complete laboratory analysis (including urinalysis, urine cultures and blood tests) which are required as indicated. Table lists symptoms which, when present as part of the clinical presentation, may indicate a diagnosis of acute pyelonephritis. (A full clinical description should be obtained of the patient and the clinical history to be obtained by the clinician). Table 1. Symptoms of acute pyelonephritis In order to be able to give an accurate diagnostic assessment, the patient should be able to communicate. It is important to understand that no diagnostic test can diagnose acute pyelonephritis; the diagnosis must be made by assessing the clinical presentation as part of a complete physical examination.  Acute pyelonephritis patients (with or without fever) may have gastrointestinal symptoms including:  Gastrointestinal bleeding: this may be accompanied or followed by tenderness of the tongue and the lower extremities.  Gastrointestinal gas: patients can present with a low level of salivation and fever, but can be normal in many other respects including no apparent gastrointestinal bleeding. The patient should be investigated for a significant intestinal infection.   The most important diagnostic tests of acute pyelonephritis are:  Sealants : when applied to the wounds, these seals help to seal and trap bacteria causing these infections. There is considerable controversy regarding their role in the treatment of this disease.  and sealants when applied to the wounds, these seals help to seal and trap bacteria causing these infections. There is considerable controversy regarding their role in the treatment of this disease. Urine cultures  Urinalysis  If blood or blood products are present then these can be tested for by a laboratory. Urine cultures (to help detect foreign organisms) are required in all cases. The results of urine and blood tests may give a false-positive result if a patient has a positive result on an infectious disease testing panel (eg. CBC/CBC). Therefore, it is essential to be aware that a positive test may