PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  Patient will be discharged to home from ED with a 7-day course of antiobotics to treat an acute urinary tract infection

RESPONSE:

 .  Follow up: 0  0 Interval to follow up: 1–2 months  D. Acute Lymphocytic Leukaemia  Approval:  Patient will be evaluated for complications using established criteria.  Follow Up:   Patient will receive 5-days of chemo for a relapse of the disease.  Interval to follow up: 0  0 Interval to follow up: 1–2 weeks  E. Acute Leukemia  Approval: Subject will be enrolled in a phase 2 trial to determine if the combination of a combination of two drugs results in a cure rate equal to or greater than placebo.  Follow Up: <1 month  Inclusion Criteria  Patients shall have at least 2 months remaining on a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug other than a corticosteroid. Patients who have not received treatment for at least 12 months will not enroll in an interim phase 2 trial.  Evaluation Schedule:   For patients receiving corticosteroid therapy for chronic myeloid leukemia, the first follow-up should take place approximately 6 months after the start of treatment and should include 2 to 3 weeks of follow‐up.  For patients receiving chemotherapy for acute myeloid leukemia, the follow-up shall take place at least 6 months following the last dose of the initial or subsequent course of treatment.  Evaluation Criteria  The primary objective of this phase 2 trial is to determine the effect of two anti-rheumatic drugs on tumor growth in acute myeloid leukemia patients who have had complete remission.  Interim Phase 2 Trials  The following three interim phase 2 trials will be conducted to assess the results of the initial phase 2 trial and, if successful, determine if further trials of this type are indicated in patients who have complete remissions:  I. Primary Immunotherapy for Acute Leukemia  Approval:  Subject will receive either 5- or 20-carmastole oral daclizumab (AZD6780) (Tasigna Pharmaceuticals) or rituximab (Opdivo) and prednisolone 500 mg plus 10 mg/d dexamethasone for 12–48 weeks. If rituximab is given as a monotherapy (i.e., not in combination with daclizumab), subjects will receive a single 15-