PROMPT:

Assessment: Patient is a 48 y.o. who presents after fainting earlier in the day with an irregularly irregular rhythm on ECG consistent with atrial fibrillation. 

RESPONSE:

  An exercise stress test results in a negative response.  During subsequent follow-up, he develops a left tachypnea despite being in good health.  He is treated for a pulmonary embolism. Explanation: The patient presented with an episode of atrioventricular (AV) fibrillation with sinus-flares at 1 AM and developed a severe headache, atrial fibrillation, and sinus-flares by 3:30 AM. He became more confused as he lay in bed and developed a right tachypnea. He also began to have abnormal changes in his serum chemistry which included an increase in potassium, lactate dehydrogenase, and blood urea nitrogen. He was admitted to the hospital where he again developed tachypnea and was subsequently intubated and placed on a ventilator. He became more confused as he lay in bed and developed a right tachypnea. During the next 24 hours he experienced cardiac dysrhythmia, tachycardia, decreased cardiac output, abnormal hemodynamic measurements including left ventricular (LV) ejection fraction, elevated blood pressures, and a significant increase in cardiac output.  His oxygen saturation was 94% at 1:35 AM. He also required an arteriovenous catheterization which revealed the presence of a pneumothorax. The patient survived his ordeal with no ventilator or pulmonary embolism. He developed a tachypnoea due to a right shift of his ventricular load while he lay in bed and is now in well-controlled condition. Summary: A) ECG with an anomalous QRS.  A rightward shift with a rise in the second, third, and fourth QRS that is in the normal direction. B) Bilateral atrioventricular (AV) fibrillation.  ECG with a rightward shift, ventricular tachycardia, and LV ejection fraction in the normal direction with elevated blood pressures C) Increased potassium, lactate dehydrogenase, and blood urea nitrogen.  C-Fibrillation; the second and third ventriculars do not contribute to the ventricular tachycardia. D) Sinus tachycardia.  ECG with sinus-flares, a right left shift, and a left turn. E) Ventricular tachycardia.  ECG with sinus-flares