PROMPT:

History of Present Illness This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

RESPONSE:

  for evaluation of hypertension and congestive heart failure and presented to your hospital with a 5th grade fever. Your hospital referred care team decided to send this patient to a general practitioner. A full history was taken; fasting glucose was reported to be 124 mg/dL pre-test (95% CI 93-128 mg/dL) and was undetectable on the 7th day of illness. Physical examinations were normal. Laboratory tests, including glucose, lipids and liver function tests were negative. The patient underwent a physical examination, which revealed no evidence of recent infection. Laboratory tests for the patient included two glucose home testing strips and a dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scan. Blood sugar measurements were normal. A fasting plasma glucose, fasting plasma insulin and HgbA1c were determined; glucose and insulin were both 10.9 mmol/L (6.1 mg/dL) and 8.3 mg/dL (3.9 mg/dL, respectively). A glycated hemoglobin level in the normal range of 12.4%-14.5% (12.4-15.1% when corrected for age) was obtained. The patient was admitted and was admitted to the hospital for an extended period of time. The patient was discharged 4 weeks after admission and was well. She attended her usual classes. The patient had returned to school in the spring time, and was no longer in a hospital. A second physical examination was performed; there were no abnormalities. She reported that she had not eaten a meal that she remembered before arriving in the hospital. The patient's bloodwork was repeated on the same day as the earlier visit. The initial results were similar to the previous visit. The fasting glucose measured was 118 mg/dL. The second visit was on the 8th of August, 2015. The patient was discharged from the hospital on that same day. She reported normal health and that she was back home. The patient was not diagnosed with diabetes that second visit.  Aged 16 years  This patient presented to the Emergency Department with acute abdominal pain and fever. He was diagnosed with acute appendicitis, had a rectal exam and was given a diagnostic examination. An exploratory laparoscopy revealed a large mass approximately 4 cm in diameter with no sign of inflammation and no associated inflammation or fever.  Discussion  Diabetes and its complications have become increasingly common in children worldwide.1–3 This is seen primarily in the young adolescents and young adults, and is an increasing