PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  Patient presents with cough and states he has flu like sx since Sunday, feels like he his progressivly getting better. This s is a well appearing male with non-productive cough, headache, chills, subjective fever, muscle aches and flu like symptoms

RESPONSE:

  including chills. However s his coughing still persists and seems like it will subside when s next dose of his medication is dosed. This indicates s his immune system is starting to react to his new illness. This patient has been taking antibiotics and is being monitored for infections. The case illustrates some common signs a patient may experience after coming down with a severe flu like infection. This patient is being watched for a possible relapse of the illness. This is a very common scenario and is usually overlooked by the medical practitioner.  Case 2  A 20 year old female presented with febrile respiratory symptoms such as shortness of breath, chills, cough, tachycardia, and cough that developed over a period of 10 days. This is a patient that had a mild influenza like illness which was cleared up on 4 days of her usual medication. She is being treated for viral hepatitis and a flu like infection. She was diagnosed with a new infection. She does not have any other known health problems. She was feeling very well and was able to return home.  Case 3  A 65 year old male presented with respiratory symptoms after returning from an overseas deployment. He had traveled to several countries and was feeling somewhat better on his 3rd day of hospitalization. His pulmonary function tests were within normal limits prior to this event. On his discharge his lungs were extremely enlarged with mucosal inflammation, he was admitted to ICU. He had a total lung capacity estimated by CT to 40 liters, a total lung capacity of 10 liters of fluid per lung, and a lung thickness of 3 cm on both upper airways. He was intubated at the time of admission and was being on ventilator support. He had symptoms typical of influenza, cough, chills, fever, and general malaise.  Case 4  A 34 year old male was admitted to the hospital with fever, chills, chills, cough, shortness of breath, and chest pain. He complained of having a cough from 2 - 4 days earlier. He also had a temperature of 103.5F. All his other tests were within normal limits. However his serum ESR was increased and his hemoglobin level was 1.4 g/dL. He was treated with IV antibiotics, and was admitted to the ICU. His serum and plasma bilirubin levels were 3.7 and 3.0 mg/dL respectively, and he was receiving his usual dosage of 100mg of RIF and 3