PROMPT:

HPI Patient presents with a fever, sore throat and overall unwell. Symptoms reported to start 5 days ago and fever has been persistent and treated with acetaminophen

RESPONSE:

 , ibuprofen and other analgesics. Her throat is dry and her nasal mucosa inflamed.  The second clinical picture:  A 28-year-old female presents on Saturday with a cold fever, runny nose and cough. Her symptoms have been improving for 6 days, but on Saturday she had a "chilling feeling," she was in severe pain in the extremities, she had a headache and a sore throat.  What to do?  The common symptom in both presentations is the onset of the cold-like symptoms around 6–9 days. I see patients presenting with this type of symptom as 'Chilling' or 'Tingling' or 'Headache' during cold weather, in other words they are feeling unwell. The symptoms will be most likely to come on around 5–9 days into infection. It is not uncommon for the symptoms to be self-limiting or subacute.  If there is a history of flu like illness, then I would recommend seeing a doctor. However, in most cases milder infections or symptoms of bacterial infection is less likely. I generally see a patient's symptoms start with the onset of chills or fever, and slowly increase to the runny nose and coughing.  If you find this information useful please follow me on Twitter @lucianbastien, and feel free to share this post and my information with your friends.  And now for more:  How to make a flu shot:  Why my flu shot never helps me – part 1  Why my flu shot never helps me – part 2  (NaturalNews) When you get a flu shot it has only one purpose – to protect you from getting the flu. So, why do so many people fail to understand that?There are some very simple reasons the flu vaccines do NOT improve the health of the people they are meant to protect:What many people don't understand is that getting your flu shots does not protect your body from becoming infected with any pathogens (or microbes) that the vaccine is meant to destroy."If you're vaccinated, you're protected," but once you get a disease and the vaccine can't eliminate it, it actually allows the disease return. Vaccines are not effective in eliminating disease (viruses, bacteria or viruses) from the general public - they protect people from getting diseases that they already have. There is no difference between the flu shot and an antibiotic shot - they're just two forms of the same