PROMPT:

HPI Comments This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily

RESPONSE:

 . Comments: One patient complained of bloating and a little constipation from the combination of aspirin and atorvastatin OTC. This is one of the few situations in which I would advise a patient not to switch medications until a physician is trained in the pharmacokinetics of aspirin. For the average patient, using the same medication twice a day does not seem to cause much bother.  3. Does a patient experience significant side effects?  FDA  Comment  The only known serious side effect of aspirin is an increase in cholesterol in the blood and a slight reduction in the concentration of HDL, the "good" cholesterol. There is no known relationship between the cholesterol effect and the reduction in the platelet function. There is no increased risk for heart attack with aspirin.  The benefits of aspirin were not observed with the combination of aspirin and lovastatin in the patients we treated. The benefits of aspirin in reducing arterial thrombosis, the major cause of stroke and death, include protection of endothelial cells and protection of the cells that produce and transport blood clots. In addition, aspirin prevents the destruction, and hence reduces the amount of, platelets.  We do not think it is safe to have a patient with a heart disease taking aspirin for 20 months (the recommended duration of therapy). Many physicians and specialists will advise this to ensure that there is continued protection of the heart. However, the American Heart Association does not recommend this regimen because of the risk of thrombosis and the risks of other drugs that are being used in the treatment of heart diseases such as fibrates and calcium channel blockers.  Aspirin use must be balanced against possible gastrointestinal side effects. When aspirin is used with aspirin, the absorption of the aspirin can be decreased because of the procoagulant potency of aspirin. If we are concerned about side effects (like nausea and stomach upset) we should talk with a practicing family physician. The FDA does not require a statement from a manufacturer about the potential for gastrointestinal adverse effects.  Growth Stimulants  CVS Comments  As mentioned earlier, there is potential for side effects in patients using growth hormone to grow. However, these include increased risk of falls, fractures (especially traumatic) and death and it takes longer for the body to make hormones in response to growth stimuli. Therefore, risks are limited. In fact, we have used growth hormone to treat patients with kidney stones by giving it intravenously, without their consent