PROMPT:

HPI Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

RESPONSE:

 . The majority said they felt they were being treated unfairly, but many also said the drug was prescribed for a medical problem they did not have.  On October 18th, the Health Department published its findings.  "We can only conclude that the patient's treatment was appropriate and that the pharmacist was acting within the law," Health Officials said in a statement.  The patient told KATU's I-Team that it took her a year and a half, and numerous phone calls, emails and in-person visits to get her asthma medication.  In a press release issued by the Health Department, Dr. Jeffrey Tylianos, the hospital's Chief Medical Officer, said the department had reviewed the case and issued a ruling on Feb. 9 based on the findings of the clinical case report.  "We made a decision based on the information we had, given the findings of the clinical case," said Tylianos. "We did not hear back from a single patient that felt the drug was too expensive or was not working."  "To be clear about what we're doing, we are very careful about how we apply the standards of care," he added. "We're going to be using these guidelines in all of the other cases we review."  Although no patients were given warning letters, it's considered a violation of the Oregon Health Division's Patient Protection Act to deny medication to patients, which could mean fines up to $5,000.  According to a press release from the Health Department this past November, the hospital began receiving complaints in 2013. In its investigation, the hospital looked back to the previous year — 2012 — and found that a total of 18 patients were denied asthma medicine. But only three of those patients are thought to have experienced adverse reactions.  Last March, the hospital submitted to the health department a revised patient agreement, which now gives patients the option to have asthma medicine dispensed free of charge if they visit the nurse's clinic.  To hear more about what happened to the Oregon Hospital, listen to this report. It's called "Allergy to Ambien? Get A New Prescription For Ambien."