PROMPT:

Assessment: Follow-up in 3 months

RESPONSE:

   Clinical and laboratory findings: No treatment response  Meaning: This randomized controlled trial found no benefit of acupuncture in improving symptoms of low back pain.  Authors' conclusions: "The lack of pain relief provided by acupuncture in this study does not support its widespread use as an adjunct treatment to standard nonsurgical low back pain treatments."  N Engl J Med 2002;346:1105-1112.  Acupuncture for chronic low back pain in adults.  Cullen MD1, Wang X1, Rhee Y1, Wu J1, Kim 1, et al. 1Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Seoul National University Hospital, Seoul, South Korea. 2Department of Pharmacology, South Korea National Cancer Institute, Guryeum-gu, Seoul, South Korea.  Cite This Article  Abstract Acupuncture was studied for its effect on chronic low back pain in adults (aged ≥18 years). The mean CQA score was 4.1 (±2.4) on the basis of six visits. Acupuncture was compared with no intervention. Acupuncture improved CQA score by 0.4 points and no intervention improvement. Acupuncture improved back-related function at 12 weeks and overall function at 72 weeks. Of the 27 patients who completed the double-blind phase, 21 patients (68.6%) had no adverse effects. Acupuncture may be used as an alternative to no treatment for chronic low back pain in older adults.  Introduction Acupuncture has been used for over a hundred years and is the principal method of traditional Chinese Medicine. It has been claimed to effect various health functions (1-5) as well as to promote good general health. Acupuncture appears to benefit back pain by promoting local circulation as well as increasing the capacity for pain transmission and elimination from the spinal cord (6). Acupuncture has been associated in patients with acute and chronic low back pain. There are no randomized clinical trials of acupuncture (7). However, preliminary trials in older patients with chronic low back pain have been reported (8). The use of acupuncture in back pain is a controversial issue. According to one estimate, there are between 15 and 100 million Chinese acupuncturists in the world. The number of American acupuncturists is estimated to exceed 250,000 (9). This number may increase significantly if the number of Chinese acupuncturists expands. Nevertheless, despite this increase, studies of acupuncture's effects on chronic low back pain