PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Follow-up in 3 months

RESPONSE:

 .  Treatment of the first episode of OCD - MDM treatment and follow up.  Risk of relapse or recurrence, and the impact on the individuals life.  Reciprocal Relapse Prevention Therapy (R.R.P.T) can be used to reduce the risk of relapse and recurrence for OCD and related conditions:  Preparation: OCD is not cured. We understand it may be a struggle to treat this condition, but it is possible. We encourage you to start a conversation with your health care provider about your concerns regarding this problem and to find ways in which you and your provider can work together as a team to support and encourage you to find the answers you need to get well again.  We understand it may be a struggle to treat this condition, but it is possible. We encourage you to start a conversation with your health care provider about your concerns regarding this problem and to find ways in which you and your provider can work together as a team to support and encourage you to find the answers you need to get well again. Medication : In many cases, medication helps control the symptoms caused by obsessive compulsive disorder, but it is not a cure – it is a treatment for the symptoms. Your doctor will work with you to select an appropriate medication. While medications are the most commonly used treatment for OCD, there are other ways in which your patient can cope with unwanted intrusive thoughts.  : In many cases, medication helps control the symptoms caused by obsessive compulsive disorder, but it is not a cure – it is a treatment for the symptoms. Your doctor will work with you to select an appropriate medication. While medications are the most commonly used treatment for OCD, there are other ways in which your patient can cope with unwanted intrusive thoughts. Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT) : Cognitive behavioral therapy is a form of CBT which has been effective and accepted as "proven" by the National Institute of Mental Health and many other professional bodies.  : Cognitive behavioral therapy is a form of CBT which has been effective and accepted as "proven" by the National Institute of Mental Health and many other professional bodies. Therapy : You may also have access to professional therapy. If the OCD is interfering with your functioning in your job, relationships or life in general, then you may have a better chance for improved outcomes if therapy is offered.  : You may also have access to professional therapy. If the OCD is interfering with your functioning in your job, relationships or life in general