PROMPT:

AP:  She suffered a mild transient ischemia attack although was discharged from the ED with family to home.

RESPONSE:

  I am told she has a low chance of a re-hospitalization as she also has a pacemaker but she does have mild left lateral subdural hematoma and is in stable condition. The MRI is not available at this time.  PANTHER: A 5-year-old patient with an aortic dissection and a mild hematoma has been stabilized on mechanical ventilation with a portable pump. She was brought back to the home that night and given intravenous fluids. The next day she had to go home and an orthopedic specialist arrived at our ED to work with her. Her condition worsened with a right lateral subdural hematoma but the hematoma was rapidly draining without further damage to the brain. She continues to be actively on mechanical ventilation via a ventilator and is doing well with medication and home care.  LOOKING FOR: A 4-year-old girl was brought to the ED with a mild acute ischemic stroke accompanied by severe aortic stenosis. The patient had no evidence of an ischemic injury to the subdural hematoma. She was given a CT scan but the initial findings were positive for acute left subdural hemorrhage. The patient was given intravenous hydration and a CT scan the next day was negative. Additional CT scan and CT scan were normal but the patient did have an acute left subdural hemorrhage. She was transferred to the Neuro ICU where they attempted chest compressions and an ECG scan was taken. She was taken to the ICU again. They used an external defibrillator on the patient and she remains active and has been on an arterial and venous pump infusion.  SHE MAY HAVE: Acute subdural hematoma, acute ischemia, acute diffuse cerebral edema, acute anterior ischemic injury, acute ischaemic stroke, acute coronary syndrome, atrial tachycardia, bradycardia, bradyarrhythmias as defined by modified Rankin Score, congestive heart failure, congestive heart failure due to coronary artery disease, chronic systemic hypertension, chronic renal failure, chronic renal failure due to renal insufficiency, cardiac tamponade, coronary artery aneurysm, coronary artery bypass graft, cerebral arteriovenous fistula, intracerebral hemorrhage, intracranial hemorrhage, intracranial hypertension, intracranial pneumonitis, left-to-right