PROMPT:

Assessment: The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist

RESPONSE:

 . He has chronic emphysema, with exacerbations that occur with increased exertion (especially those occurring during exercise). The patient has been diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or COPD, which is characterized by chronic bronchodilator therapy that leads to a reduction in lung function. Exacerbations include bronchiolitis; obstructive pulmonary disease such as COPD; severe emphysema; and chronic bronchiectasis.  Evidence Category C  Disease Treatment Indication Duration Pneumonitis Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease COPD (with or without COPD) with exacerbations that occur with increased exertion 1 yr Chronic bronchitis with mild or moderate exacerbations that occur with increased exertion or with coughing 4–5 yr Chronic bronchitis with moderate to severe exacerbations that occur with increased exertion and coughing 2 and 5 yr Exacerbations with emphysema, with or without obstruction 0 d  What is the purpose of taking the history?  This history may help determine if the patient is at risk for additional exacerbations, and may give us an idea of the intensity of their COPD, which can help guide interventions. In addition to this, it can help to identify the cause(s) of symptoms.  In general, any change in the symptoms should be brought to the attention of the clinician. The clinician may need to refer the patient to a specialist or even a respiratory management specialist to investigate the underlying cause.  Do I need to see a specialist?  Patients should be referred for a complete medical evaluation for COPD based on the history of COPD. If the patient does not have symptoms of COPD (for example, is not overweight or has not had symptoms for a long time), he or she does not need to be referred to a medical specialist. However, if there are new exacerbations or worsening of the current COPD symptoms that are unrelated to smoking, or the exacerbations or worsening are associated with a history of COPD or other cardiovascular risk factors, the patient should be referred to a medical specialist. Patients with asthma should also be referred for evaluation based on the history of asthma.