PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  After biopsy, the mass was determined to be benign. Patient was advised to watch for additional growth or change. 

RESPONSE:

  If any progression was observed, he was prescribed a high-dose, anti-estrogenic medication to prevent ovulation.  If no growth or change had been noted after two months of treatment, he was started on the prescribed estradiol and progesterone meds, at a time when he menstruated and began taking a daily oral contraceptive.  At the end of the first year of follow up, the patient had not menstruated at all. Treatment of Ovulation Occurrence: Treatment was initiated when there was a sudden or unexpected decrease in his cycles.  The patient could not recall the onset of the cycle decrease.  He could have simply stopped taking his estradiol and progesterone (or combined estrogen/progesterone).  After treatment was initiated, the patient could not take a prescription medication that affected the cycle.  The patient was not advised of a possible cause of the cycle decrease.  Patient became pregnant at the 2 month mark, after an unexplained delay. It should be noted that two months was a long time for the patient to experience cycles irregularity.  Conclusion: The symptoms attributed to Bipolar I Disorder were described in a patient with a previous thyroid condition.  The man stated his doctor did not believe him, when he reported a history in his family of Bipolar I and bipolar II disorders.  No treatment was prescribed for the patient, but he received a variety of medications, and continued taking them on a long-term basis.  In this patient, the progesterone and estrogen treatment had no effect in reducing the symptoms or decreasing the cycles irregularity.  The treatment consisted of the aforementioned medications, however some weeks of therapy were lost without noticeable side effects.  The patient did not have a medical history in his family of such disorders, and he could not recall an onset of the abnormal behavior before taking progesterone or estrogen.  In his case, he did not receive treatment for a very long time prior to his pregnancy, but he continued taking a variety of medications, and eventually began to suffer from infertility. The patient stated this might have been attributed to medical reasons, and to some degree this may be true.  If the patient does not remember a medical cause for his behavior problem it may not be possible to identify what they might be.  Another reason is that medication management is based largely on the patient's own symptoms and symptoms that the doctor notices.  This makes medication management difficult