PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL 25 y/o F presents to the ED with R knee pain and bilateral ankle pain following a fall. Pt states she fell down x2 steps onto cement. States she twisted her ankles and R knee.

RESPONSE:

  She has been unable to walk properly or run without crutches from R knee pain and quadriceps pain. She states she is on a walking scooter with a full support vest & has to walk up a set of stairs when her right leg feels weak. F states she is aware R knee injury occurred 8 yrs and 7 months prior to present and this is her first day of recovery. She states R knee injury has caused her pain on both sides. She states she walks 3-5 steps without being able to walk 100% well. Also states she recently had a CAT scan and CT scan and the R knee is clear. She states she is unable to work due to the pain. F states she cannot do daily stuff without pain. She will not allow R therapist to come to her home due to R knee pain & inability to be independent with it. She does have 2 physical therapists visit but cant do daily stuff at home due to pain. F is going to a mental health worker. She state a good therapist will come & make her go to the clinic. F is not interested in treatment but has had pain for 2 yrs. F states she is in a wheelchair due to right knee pain & quadriceps pain. She has not been able to take stairs without pain. She is unable to run or exercise. She asks to go to the clinic but will not go without her doctor's approval. F states she feels very sorry for R person and wishes she had been a stronger patient for R person but still states she is unable to be on the treatment. She believes R person will get better after a while. D is going to psych ward. She states she has not been able to do anything for R person due to her pain. D states she got her first doctor's appointment this morning and she is in pain. D states she has tried a variety of different medications and medication changes, not been able to take them. D states she will do a lot of walking the next several days but does no exercise at all for exercise. She stated R person has been feeling better and has moved past her walking. D states she knows R person feels terrible and has to try and get stronger for her sake. D states she still will be in pain for rest of her life. D states she has been in therapy since she was 18 and is now in an online program. She stated she was able to do R person better but unable to care for her own health. She is not even allowed to take care of herself! D states