PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

RESPONSE:

 /other therapies.  Treating Conditions: In most cases, appropriate treatment can be instituted as soon as possible. In some patients, early treatment can prove to be helpful, as the condition is thought to be progressive. For those experiencing severe adverse reactions to the drug (including, but not limited to nausea, vomiting, vomiting, dizziness, tremor, diarrhea, skin rash, rash, rash, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, chest pain, dizziness, and vomiting), the doctor may opt for an infusion of intravenous fluids, to help with the fluid retention while the drug is being taken. The drug may be discontinued slowly over a period of days to weeks, until the patient feels well enough to tolerate it.  In the unlikely case that there is no improvement after a limited period of time, patients should be placed on antifungal medications; this is recommended by most cardiology organizations. In many cases, a small bowel resection may be required. This is usually referred to as a 'cecum resection'.  Dosing & Administration: Treatment should be started within a few days of admission. The dose may be escalated as necessary to decrease hypotension. It is recommended that patients be instructed on the proper use of medications, as not everyone is aware of dosage requirements.  Patients should be advised to discontinue alcohol and other drugs if they experience adverse reactions.  Maintenance: In the majority of cases, the drug should be continued, with occasional adjustments in dosages for better tolerable results; however, if the drug is tolerated for a prolonged period, the goal is for the dose to be increased over time.  Outcome: The goal of treatment is to achieve remission of symptoms, and to decrease the patient's risk of future exacerbations, which should be evaluated clinically during appropriate follow-up times.  Steroids  Steroids have been used for the short term in certain circumstances, as a means to prevent recurrence or worsening of preexisting conditions. However, this type of therapy should not be considered a long-term permanent treatment approach.  Prospective Studies to Evaluate the Effectiveness of Steroids for Chronic Heart Failure  Nassar et al., 1997  Population: Healthy and diabetic patients with severe heart failure, median age 59.2 years (range 50-80 years).  Procedure: Treatment lasted 4 weeks, in which approximately 50% patients continued to take steroids. During the follow-up period