PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  After biopsy, the mass was determined to be benign. Patient was advised to watch for additional growth or change. 

RESPONSE:

  The patient's weight stabilized with careful management of the patient's appetite and hydration by the treating medical staff.  The patient underwent an oral nutritional assessment to ensure a sustained improvement in body weight, and the patient's weight normalized at 5 months post-treatment.  Post-treatment clinical course On physical examination, the patient was found to have moderate, but persistent, aldosterone deficiency that persisted despite regular weight gain.  Blood tests revealed a normal cholesterol, total, phospholipid, and triglyceride levels.  The patient had normal peripheral neuropathy in both legs that resolved when he began the low-protein, high-carbohydrate (LPHC) diet.  After eating the LPHC diet for 6 weeks, the patient continued to have improvement in symptoms, but he noted further improvement in muscle tone with LPHC for the last 8 weeks.  Asymptomatic hemoglobin concentration remained at 11.2% and a 1-year return of pre-treatment hematocrits of 44% at 11 months post-treatment.  The patient showed improvement in self-care measures and increased physical activities and work activity, but he did not gain weight due to an increasing need for insulin therapy.  After 6 months of LPHC diet, there was no further deterioration in the patient as evidenced by blood and bone analyses.  No complications occurred during the 6-month LPHC diet period and the patient did maintain a normal lifestyle.  After he was diagnosed, LPHC diet was considered a successful therapy in the patient with aldosterone deficiency due to hyperthyroidism. Conclusion:  This case is representative of some patients with anorexia nervosa and hyperthyroidism who are not always aware of the underlying metabolic disorder that may be associated with their disorders.  There were also 3-4 more recent cases I learned of where hyperthyroidism with or without anorexia nervosa was diagnosed.  These patients typically developed hyperthyroidism during the early postpartum period.  While hyperthyroidism may present in the hospital with anorexia nervosa, it is more likely that the hyperthyroidism present in these individuals with anorexia nervosa can be resolved by addressing the underlying metabolic disorder that is causing the hyperthyroidism.