PROMPT:

HPI Comments The patient is a 78 year old female with a history of stroke and hypertension. She recently fell in her home and reports dizziness and lightheadness

RESPONSE:

  every time she falls. She is on bedrest as of today.  The patient has an unremarkable history of stroke and hypertension with no prior heart failure symptoms, suggesting she is asymptomatic with respect to stroke.  She has been stable for the last 4 years due in part to prior history and prior medications with a history of hypertension.  Her medical chart is available at the patient's request.  The patient's blood pressure is 118/76 mm of Hg and her glucose level is 94 mg/dL.  Her electrocardiogram shows sinus tachycardia and ischemia and is normal.  Vitals An ECG is available, and shows sinus tachycardia, tachycardia, and QTc in rhythm. A POC T wave is present, and T waves are irregular in the inferior leads (see below). Her urine is alkaline. In her first ECG she also reported a heart nodule with dilated pupils and sinus tachycardia.  The VF/VEF ratio is 2.4 - 3.0, meaning that the VF is over 4 times normal, and the VF to VI ratio is 3 - 4, or twice normal. This is consistent with her recent fall in her home.  Her EKG shows QTc at 160ms (normal is 140 - 160ms), and an EF of 1.8 +/- 1.4 for T2 hypertrophy (T2 is the best predictor for the progression to ischemic stroke; T1 - T3 is somewhat less significant for T2).  She was initially given Lantus 3.5mg, however, the dose was decreased down to 1.75mg, and her stroke risk dropped to 1 in 16,000, meaning she is no longer at significant risk. Based on the patient's history of being on bedrest, her medications which she has a history of having hypertension and stroke, and her current medication, this would be appropriate for her and is the right dose. This is a patient with moderate to severe hypertension on a drug that has only been shown to lower the risk of stroke and stroke recurrence.  What should they do? In patients with symptomatic but severe hypertension, who have previously had a stroke and who are not currently at significant risk for stroke, the dose of Lantus may be a good place to begin an antihypertensive regimen to further lower their risk