PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  Pt is a uncontrolled type 2 diabetic with stage 3 chronic kidney disease. A nephrology consult and continued management of hypertension 

RESPONSE:

  has been ruled out as primary management. Intensive care has been instituted after 2-3 days of onset. I'll update if I hear of anything new. Rhodesian Opossum (Orangutan)  (Gymnogyps californicus) Status:  Tentative A 28 year old male has a significant history of diabetes mellitus for 11 years. He also has type 2 diabetes. He is obese and had an end-stage renal insufficiency. Treatment: Management of hypertension has been initiated.  Status:  Treated as an acute renal failure. He was transferred to our emergency department with a high urine output. The patient was not intubated as we have no critical care on-call.  He is still on intravenous sodium bicarbonate to help facilitate dialysis and he remains on a continuous beta-agonist. His kidney function continues to improve, but the kidney's normal blood output  and urine output remains under control. He is being transfused with  liver from an unrelated patient via a stent for a ruptured proximal aorta after his emergency procedure. Dumbo Penguin (Columba livia) Status:  Tentative A 25 year old male is an obese patient requiring frequent transfusions of anticoagulant. He was referred for assessment as a diabetic. Treatment:  Intensive care started on admission with hemodialysis following a 1-3mm left ventricle.  As the blood volume becomes restricted, this can often be the case. The blood volume in the first month of the study was reduced to 100ml (normal 100-125 ml). Following this, he receives 500mcg/hr of hematocrit, as required by ICU protocol. He is placed on  a 5-min/hour bolus of 10% lidocaine to reduce the dose to 10mcg. After 3-month of follow-up, a 5cm right ventricular myocardial infarction has occurred as a result of hemodimal perfusion. Raccoon (Procyon lotor)  (Cynomys megalotis) Status:  Treatment after hospitalization is considered an unadvisable choice. The patient will remain in the ICU to be closely monitored, with a focus on maintaining hemodynamic stability. Treatment:  