PROMPT:

AP:  Patient will be discharged to home from ED with a 7-day course of antiobotics to treat an acute urinary tract infection

RESPONSE:

  that has been associated with severe GI symptoms, including cramping.  Hospitalization is not necessary. The patient will be discharged to home from the ED with a 7-day course of antiobotics to treat an acute urinary tract infection that has been associated with severe GI symptoms, including cramping.  PPD:  Patient will be discharged to home 1 day after discharge.  For PPD patients, the discharge date is calculated based on when the patient is discharged home. For example, if the discharge date is July 16, then the patient may have a discharge date of July 16-23, since the last day the patient was hospitalized was July 14.  Treatment plan  The purpose of a treatment plan is to help you and your patient work together to create a care plan with all of the options available. You can choose from many different treatment approaches, but each should begin with:  Determine your patient's symptoms, and how many days you can realistically expect to stay in the hospital and how long your patient is expected to be hospitalized after discharge. The length of stay depends on several factors, including the cause of the infection, the severity of the symptoms, and how well the patient responds to treatment. For example, some patients may need antibiotics and other treatment interventions for only a few days. Others will need treatments lasting more than a month.  The length of stay depends on several factors, including the cause of the infection, the severity of the symptoms, and how well the patient responds to treatment. For example, some patients may need antibiotics and other treatment interventions for only a few days. Others will need treatments lasting more than a month. Choose a treatment protocol: If there is more than one treatment approach available, choose one that you think is the most effective for your patient and his/her condition. This may require considering the type and severity of symptoms your patient is experiencing as well as the potential adverse effects of each intervention.  If there is more than one treatment approach available, choose one that you think is the most effective for your patient and his/her condition. This may require considering the type and severity of symptoms your patient is experiencing as well as the potential adverse effects of each intervention. Decide how you want your team to manage the patient's symptoms: Discuss the treatment plan at several levels of care: at the hospital, at home, or separately. If patients will be discharged separately from the hospital, work to determine where the patient will be transferred after discharge. 