PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE The patient is a 57 y.o. male presenting with chest pain and shortness of breath

RESPONSE:

  lasting for the last 5 days. The patient's wife claims to hear faint voices in her sleep that sometimes call, "Lunch!" The patient has been under care for 2 months with a history of an irregular heart rhythm with a prior MI in the past. The man is aware of having had past MI. The patient has had multiple hospitalizations for his "seizures" and was admitted two weeks ago to a psychiatric unit. The patient's wife reports that in the past her husband has been very irritable and is prone to getting up and talking after eating. The patient denies having a stroke.  The patient is in good health. He has no cardiac symptoms, and is otherwise in good mental state. The patient reports no recent head trauma. No neurologic or psychiatric symptoms and is alert and oriented in every respect.  DISCUSSION  Anatomy of a Migraine  The migraine mechanism is not well understood. Migraineurs typically report frequent and severe attacks with little obvious triggering or relationship to headache stimuli. For example, a migraine can occur without any provocation and is sometimes preceded by only minor head or facial pain. Migraineurs have an increased frequency of attacks in a given time period, and the duration of their attacks are sometimes associated with a decrease in sensitivity to headache stimuli. Other symptoms also correlate with an attack. These include nausea, vomiting, and a sense of unreality, with a decrease in the overall sense of self-worth or self-efficacy. Some patients also feel anxious or depressed, feel detached, or feel like they are being watched in a stranger's home (Pelham et al., 2000). Migraineurs also have an increased incidence of self-mutilation, suicide, and domestic violence with no apparent relationship to migraine events or to any psychosomatic illness (Bergman et al., 1990; Raskin et al., 1991). Migrainous episodes often occur with little or no warning.  Migraines are a frequent source of headache-related disability (Snyder, 1997), often affecting as much as 20% to 30% of the population. In addition to disability, migraineurs experience additional psychosocial problems such as depression, anxiety, poor self-esteem, and poor sleep. In addition, the symptoms of migraine often interfere with social or occupational functioning, and some individuals also have difficulty sustaining relationships and are vulnerable to depression. Several studies have shown an association between migraineurs and alcohol or drug abuse (Lundin et al., 1988