PROMPT:

Past Medical History This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily

RESPONSE:

  for arthritis. The patient also requires a blood pressure cuff on the right arm for his right wrist. This patient underwent a heart attack within the past two years, and is now suffering symptoms as a result. The symptoms include chest pain, shortness of breath, and severe cough due to a lung infection. Patient is also experiencing chronic migraine and is now on a combination of 2.5 migraine pills and 40 mg of caffeine. The patient is taking two different migraine pills daily. The patient has a history of hypertension and also developed a history of angina which may be a possible reason for his symptoms. At the time of the procedure, patient received a history and physical, and has a blood pressure of 116/70.  Other Notes A previous history of heart attack or stroke was obtained, but because this patient was so close to the time of his last heart attack, this medical history is not relevant.  Dietary Concerns This patient is obese. The patient eats approximately 2400 calories daily, which is approximately 1000 calories more than the average American. This patient has a history of hypertension and has a history of angina (chest pain, shortness of breath).  Current Medical History This patient is diabetic. Prior to this operation, he had experienced several episodes of dizziness and has since experienced constant vertigo. This patient has a history of high cholesterol and has a history of coronary atherosclerosis in his aorta.  Other Notes This patient does not take any cholesterol-lowering medication. He is currently not taking the aspirin OTC daily due to discomfort caused by its effect on the heart.  Medical History This patient is also having a history of cardiovascular disease and also has a heart murmur.  Medical History This patient has a history of hypertension. He is not currently taking a blood pressure cuff and his left arm needs an arterial blood pressure of 30 mmHg and his right arm needs an arterial blood pressure of 40 mmHg to be normal.