PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): 56 year old patient with history of AML without CNS involvement who is status post successful 7+3 induction therapy being admitted for acute myocardial infarction

RESPONSE:

  . 3 months prior to admission , patient was a high risk/high benefit patient at risk for myocardial infarction due to his previous AML history and history of concomitant drug therapy (prednisone). Patient had a history of diabetes mellitus with polycythemia. 1 week before admission a high dose of steroids had been used. In a previous week, patient had experienced transient neurological symptoms after use of dexamethasone. This was not considered to be myocardial infarction related and was managed with a low dose dexamethasone. Patient was then managed with dexamethasone (30 mg every 8 hr) 2 days before admission. Dexamethasone did not improve patient's mental status. The cardiac monitoring system revealed no further heart failure. There was evidence of diffuse diffuse left bundle branch block(DDB) and non-traumatic left main trunk block. On the arrival of the clinical team, the patient remained acutely confused as he believed he had a new, undiagnosed heart failure during transport. The clinical team proceeded immediately to the emergency department . When seen by the medical staff the patient stated that he felt he should have had a catheter placed. He was admitted along with the other patients in the same department. The patient was given a repeat CBC before admission in case the previous ECG was abnormal. Three days prior to admission , patient was on a long course of prednisone 200 mg every 2 weeks.  , patient was on a long course of prednisone 200 mg every 2 weeks. On admission, the patient was placed on an emergency department bed without a pulse. He had no further systemic disease (pulmonary edema, renal failure etc). During the course of the admission, patient was admitted to hospital with ventricular tachycardia, severe bradycardia, hyperkalemia, aortic occipital shunt and severe left main trunk block syndrome.  The patient and a cardiologist discussed the possibility of a myocardial infarction and discussed the diagnosis as a congestive MI with no underlying heart disease. A diagnosis for myocardial infarction was made and appropriate treatment initiated. During the hospitalisation, the patient also began to experience recurrent fevers on admission. The patient had a history of recurrent acute MI. His first admission was due to chest pain related MI followed by a second admissions due to acute MI after one week intervals due to chest pain and fevers. Following successful 7+3