PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  The patient was seen for a well visit with no major complaints. For seasonal allergies, continue on OTC medications and schedule her next visit with primary care

RESPONSE:

  physician.   What if her child has severe peanut allergies - Is there any medicine to help calm them down?  If a mother has a baby with severe peanut allergies, she should continue seeing a doctor who treats peanut allergies and is certified to treat these symptoms.  To assist her better, ask the doctor for an allergy blood test and a referral to an allergy specialist.  In some rare cases, a child can't tolerate peanuts at all. If this is the case, the mother should be referred to an ENT physician or a pediatric allergist to help her manage the allergy without medication.   What to Do if the Baby's Peanut Sensitivity Goes Away After a Year:  If the child returns to their family's home and hasn't developed another peanut allergy, if the peanut allergy symptoms have cleared and the mother is satisfied the situation is as it should be, the child or his parents can go back to their normal diet. Otherwise, it's advised to continue therapy.  If the peanut allergy symptoms continue to return, consider an over-the-counter or prescription medication.  Peanuts can still be an extremely serious allergy condition under certain circumstances.   What if the Baby's Peanut Sensitivity Goes Away After a Few Weeks:  The best way to manage peanut sensitivity is to learn to recognize the symptoms of peanut allergies quickly and treat them accordingly. A good way to know if your child is allergic to peanuts is by taking their blood sugar test, which may show high levels of blood sugar, which can indicate severe peanut allergies. If a person has been allergic to peanuts for more than 10 days or if they have had three or more episodes of allergy symptoms in the past 30 days, they should see a doctor.   How to Tell If Someone Has Peanut Sensitivities:  There are no specific tests or physical exam tests to diagnose peanut allergies. However, it is a good idea to ask a child's parents about the child's dietary habits. If the child eats a diet that does not contain peanuts, or if the child doesn't eat enough of the right peanut butter, nut cream spreads, or other food products for peanut allergies and their parents aren't aware of the issue, they would need to see their pediatricians regularly.   If your child is eating peanut butter and other products labeled with warning labels, ask your pediatrician to monitor the child's blood sugar level. The food should have an expiration date. If the food will last no longer than a few days