PROMPT:

Past Medical History The patient is a 78 year old female with a history of stroke and hypertension. She recently fell in her home and reports dizziness and lightheadness

RESPONSE:

  after the fall  Evaluation History The patient is a 40 year old female with a history of stroke and hypertension. She is treated with beta blockers for hypertension.  Present Medical History The patient is a 66 year old male with a history of hypertension and diabetes. He reports pain in his upper chest, back and right leg.  Evaluation History The patient is a 38 year old male with a history of hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia. He reports fatigue, lightheadedness and lightheadedness after exertion  Present Medical History The patient is a 45 year old male with hypertension and a history of diabetes. She is treated with glyburide for blood pressure. No other known health problems.  Evaluation History The patient is an 84 year old male with hypertension. He is treated with androgen deprivation therapy. No other known health problems  Present Medical History The patient is a 57 year old female with no known history of stroke or ischemic heart disease. She is being treated for peripheral vascular disease. No known illness  Discussion The patient is a 69 year old female with hypertension and diabetes. She reports back pain and a transient dizziness after a fall  Current medication The patient is being treated with rizatriptan. No medications have been started in the past 5 years.  Drug therapy in the past Her medications in the past 5 years have been metanetriol, phenylephrine, dihydropyridine, lorazepam, and metoprolol. No medications have been started in the past 5 years.  Medical history The patient has a stroke and is being treated with androgen deprivation therapy. No known illness  Medical factors she presents with The patient is a 68 year old woman with a history of cardiac arrhythmia, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetes mellitus. She has had a history of heart attack in the past and has other known heart disease  Evaluation Auscultation and exercise test show a normal heart rhythm, normal left ventricular volume and a slight hypokalemia  Physical examination shows a diffuse peripheral edema with tenderness over areas of the left arm, left lower chest, right lower arm and right foot. On an electromyogram, the patient has the typical clinical features of a mild, isolated ischemia with infarct size of 50-100 angstroms. There are significant reductions in the peripheral blood viscosities.  Physical