PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis.

RESPONSE:

  A surgical treatment should be undertaken. The patient was found to have an aortic dissection due to a tear in the aortic arch. The procedure to repair the aortic arch was performed through the pericardium, and a small, open incision was made in the aorta. The aortic dissection was repaired by reattaching the aortic arch with the use of arthroscopic suture. The aorta was sutured under local anesthesia. Aortic dissection was reversed by suture and then the pericardial suture was sutured to the pericardium. The aortic arch was reconstructed with the use of a 3M/Mellander device. A small incision was made around the lesion. The aortic arch was then sutured to the abdominal wall. The surgery was performed under general anesthesia. Surgery was performed for bilateral posterior compartment syndrome as follow-up to posterior compartment syndrome. Surgery was performed with bilateral pericardio-sacral and pericardial flaps. The pericardio-sacral flap is inserted through the pericardium and then sutured to the right midline, while the pericardial flap is sutured to the right side of the lower abdomen with 1-2 inches of suture across suture sites. There was no surgical exploration of the pericardium or the abdominal wall. The surgeon made an incision on the aorta with a 3M/Mellander device as follows: suture the midline through the incision to make a taut band that was sutured at the right side of the aorta. Then, the surgeon made an incision on the right side of the aorta and then sutured the two sides at the same time to form a taut band. The surgeon's knife slit over the band. The suture site was sutured as instructed. The incision was closed and re-evaluated. The patient is in good condition with no further complications.  The Patient's Family's Perspective:  The wife and 2 sons experienced the birth. They were at home when the birth took place and witnessed the delivery. There never was any indication that the baby was having a difficult birth but a difficult birth is a major complication of any cesarean delivery. The mother was concerned and her husband felt that the experience was not a good one for these