PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE The patient is a 78 year old female with a history of stroke and hypertension. She recently fell in her home and reports dizziness and lightheadness

RESPONSE:

 . Physical examination reveals an elderly female with a large right parietal mass, posteriorly wide, thin synechiae and bilateral frontal mass disease. Electroencephalography (EEG) revealed no evidence of a seizure disorder (pacing or dyskinesia). The patient states that she has had "no headaches in the last few years." Her symptoms begin at night after falling. On awakening, lightheadedness and dizziness prevail over any headache, headache associated with head trauma or intracranial hemorrhage.  DISCUSSION The patient reported dizziness, lightheadedness and lightheadedness on the night she fell in her home, followed by an episode of dizziness and lightheadedness, followed by lightheadedness again, then nausea and vomiting, followed by vomiting and lightheadedness. At this time there are no obvious underlying etiologies, but the patient appears to have suffered significant head trauma which she could not recall and is experiencing significant symptoms of a possible intracranial hemorrhage.  METHODS All patients who underwent the NINDS/NSCLC Stroke Injuries Scale were asked whether they experienced a headache at the time of their fall, were ever treated at a hospital for a headache, and/or were prescribed a headache medication. Those with a history of stroke and/or intracranial hemorrhage at the time of the fall were not included in this analysis.  RESULTS Of the 78 patients enrolled in this study, 29 reported a history of a stroke or intracranial hemorrhage at the time of fall. Thirty one patients had a seizure disorder, 8 patients reported migraine with aura, 18 reported aura without aura, 11 reported headache with aura, and 8 reported no headache. The average duration of the history of stroke or intracranial hemorrhage was 1 year and the mean cumulative number of headaches was 1.5. For those with a history of a stroke or intracranial hemorrhage at the time of fall, 27.7 % (95 % CI 13.8 – 45.) had taken a headache medication, including 13.4 % with no treatment. The number of patients with migraine without aura, headache without aura, and medication was similar. For those who had a history of stroke or intracranial hemorrhage, 36.1 % (27.8 – 67.5; mean age 70.5 years) were taking a headache medication, 21 % had no medication, and 11.8% had taken medication multiple times. The