PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

RESPONSE:

 .  Cardiologist is responsible for: EKG Monitoring. This may be done by telephone or in person (in the absence of the resident).  Monitoring. This may be done by telephone or in person (in the absence of the resident). Laboratory tests: EKG monitoring, cardiac catheterization, EKG monitoring and blood chemistry panel (CBC), chest x-ray and urine toxicology screens.  EKG monitoring, cardiac catheterization, EKG monitoring and blood chemistry panel (CBC), chest x-ray and urine toxicology screens. Computed tomography scanning: If required.  If required. Heart and ventricular arrhythmias: A detailed history and physical exam by a cardiologist. Treatment will be determined by clinical suspicion and physician diagnosis.  A detailed history and physical exam by a cardiologist. Treatment will be determined by clinical suspicion and physician diagnosis. Abnormal cardiac testing: This includes a history of previous, abnormal results and a physical examination. EKG for atrial fibrillation and echocardiogram for a myocardial infarction, either performed by an internist or a native EMT (not included in the above list).  EKG for atrial fibrillation and echocardiogram for a myocardial infarction, either performed by an internist or a native EMT (not included in the above list). Pulmonary embolism: Blood work should be performed before any exposure, as well as a chest x-ray and CT scan of the trunk and extremities. The patient should have immediate follow-up at a hospital if any of the above are abnormal or if a Pulmonary embolism (PE) is diagnosed (see the Patient Management section for further details). Treatment will be determined by clinical suspicion and physician diagnosis.  Blood work should be performed before any exposure, as well as a chest x-ray and CT scan of the trunk and extremities. The patient should have immediate follow-up at a hospital if any of the above are abnormal or if a Pulmonary embolism (PE) is diagnosed (see the Patient Management section for further details). Treatment will be determined by clinical suspicion and physician diagnosis. Acute renal failure: The renal blood flow is less and must be checked at least once in 24 hours.  The renal blood flow is less and must be checked at least once in 24 hours. Blood transfusions: No specific recommendation for blood