PROMPT:

HPI This is a 72-year-old male with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with previous coronary artery bypass graft

RESPONSE:

  (CABG), and dyslipidemia.  NHLBI Blood testing is performed in the laboratory, and diagnostic tests (e.g., a blood serum) are ordered at a cardiology practice.  NHLBIP This is a 65-year-old female with history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary disease with CABG, and dyslipidemia who was found to have a total cholesterol (TC) of 198 mg/dL and HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) of 70 mg/dL.  NHLHPP The sample tested is a 60-year-old male with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with CABG, and dyslipidemia.  NPHSNP The sample tested is a 64-year-old male with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with CABG, and dyslipidemia.  NPUHPP The sample tested is a 58-year-old female with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with CABG, and dyslipidemia.  NPUHSNP The sample tested is a 56-year-old female with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with CABG, and dys Lipidemia.  NPUHS The sample tested is a 59-year-old female with history of hypertension, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease with CABG, and dyslipidemia.  QRHP The specimen tested is a 72-year-old female with history of chronic renal failure who was found to have a blood sugar of 681 mg/dL, triglyceride level of 220 mg/dL, protein level of 6.8 g/dL, and HDL-c level of 54 mg/dL.  QLHP The specimen tested is a 70-year-old male with history of chronic renal failure, diabetes mellitus with insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and dyscalculia.  QLNPD The sample tested is a 70-year-old male with history of chronic renal failure, diabetes mellitus with insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and dyscalculia.  QLNPD-HSP The sample tested is a 73-year-old