PROMPT:

Past Medical History This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

RESPONSE:

  for a non-insulin related disease. This was a follow-up visit by the nephrologist to evaluate current management of diabetes with or without glucose. The pt was on insulin for type 1 diabetes and was being managed with the patient's blood glucose being checked via a glucose-dialysis system. Blood glucose was <140 mg/dl. A comprehensive medical history was taken including diabetes, recent or past comorbidities and use of medication. The primary care physician assessed the patient's symptoms. History of medication was performed along with a drug dependency check. The medical history had been collected on a past visit but not sent. At the time of the current visit, the pt had a resting blood sugar of 135 mg/dl. Preexisting diabetes was assessed and was present.  Examination of Lipids and Blood Sugars The pt had a resting blood sugar of 135 mg/dl and was being managed with the patient's blood glucose being checked via a glucose-dialysis system. Blood glucose was <140 mg/dl. Total cholesterol was 1.6 mmol/l, LDL cholesterol was 0.45 mmol/l, HDL cholesterol was 1.0 mmol/l and triglycerides were 1.05 mmol/l. Total and LDL cholesterol were within normal limits and the LDL cholesterol was slightly elevated (1.00 mmol/l). HDL cholesterol was within normal limits and triglycerides were not elevated. The pt's blood glucose was within normal limits.  Laboratory Tests The pt was screened for infectious diseases (shingles: positive by PCR) and infections at the time of the current visit including a chest X-ray by the medical provider. A thorough interview was conducted by the medical provider to assess the presence of comorbidities as well as past medication. The pt was on statins since August 2016 and had no contraindications for further cholesterol lowering or lipid lowering therapy. The pt had no previous hospitalizations or complications, including infections. The pt reported taking 100 mg of hydrochlorothiazide and 50 mg of simvastatin daily.  Toxicology Testing A detailed toxicology profile was taken including the following: blood glucose, liver function tests, urine toxicology and liver function tests. Total alkalinity was assessed with an alanine test for hepatic, renal and renal artery pH. There was low total alkalinity and mild dehydration. Hepatic enzymes were elevated indicating liver problems. A complete blood count was done which was normal and alkaline phosphatase