PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  Patient reports gassy and bloated feeling and has had irregular stools over the past two week 

RESPONSE:

  This could be associated with a severe leaky gut , possibly with colitis.  , possibly with , possibly with Recent vomiting and/or diarrhea.  Hepatic Metabolism  Hepatic enzymes such as alanine aminotransferase and lactate dehydrogenase can rise if the patient's water intake is inadequate and electrolyte deficits are present. These enzymes also can rise in severe acute water intoxication such as drowning.  In the case of chronic water intoxication causing dehydration of significant magnitude, the patient's liver may become resistant to the effects of alcohol on hydration, as indicated by elevated liver transaminase levels. If liver failure develops, the patient is likely to die.   Clinical Features  The clinical features associated with chronic water intoxication vary with the severity of the disease. However, all patients report a history of weight loss, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, low blood pressure, low salicylate (an anti-diuretic) levels, low sodium levels and decreased sweating.  Clinicians may initially think of dehydration (hyponatremia) when they see the patient manifesting the classic symptoms of thirst and hunger. The patient can also become lethargic and exhibit changes in mental status. With a severe clinical presentation, coma and death are possible.  Clinicians often overlook the clinical features of water intoxication. They assume, for example, that the patient presents with a history of alcoholism as opposed to chronic water intoxication. However, a history of alcohol abuse (for example, frequent binge drinking) does not exclude the possibility that the patient is suffering from chronic water intoxication. Additionally, the history of alcoholism is not a good indicator of how often the patient drinks. Alcohol toxicity and chronic water intoxication are related and should be considered together when treating patients. [18]  Possible causes of water intoxication may include:  Hypoventilation or insufficient intake of fluids (dehydration and osmotic diuresis).  Severe dehydration through vomiting or diarrhea.  Severe weight loss.  Pregnancy (if water is withheld following childbirth) or the mother's health is in doubt.  Vomiting resulting from gastrointestinal obstruction or ulcers.  Treatments  The treatment of water intoxication should emphasize hydration (i.e., fluid replacement with fluids or oral rehydration solutions) over symptomatic aid or fluids. Hydration is necessary to maintain brain and neurological function. 