PROMPT:

Past Medical History The patient is a 78 year old female with a history of stroke and hypertension. She recently fell in her home and reports dizziness and lightheadness

RESPONSE:

  when she raises her head. The patient is a registered nurse in a long-term care facility and has been in that position for 9 years. She is receiving treatment for diabetes and hypertension. She is unaware of any medical conditions. Her current medications are metformin 500mg q3h, lisinopril 250mg q3h, and clopidogrel 250mg q2h. The patient drinks 3 times a day; is physically active, and reports no other medications. Conclusion The patient presented with headache, dizziness, lightheadedness, memory alteration, and confusion that progressed to confusion, altered mental status, and coma. The patient's medical history showed no major medical problems. She reported only that she had been dizzy and lightheaded and has since recovered.  History The patient was born on September 29, 1941. Her daughter was born on August 14, 1946. She was employed as a registered nurse in a long-term care facility for 26 years, during which time she has been treated for diabetes and hypertension and taken lisinopril. She had no recent medical history. She is a Caucasian female in her late 70's who is a registered nurse in a long-term care facility who was formerly employed as a teacher in a public school. Her medical history was submitted with the patient's ED history.  Physical Exam The patient reported no recent symptoms with no signs of neurological illness. She had a normal body weight of 120 kg (264 lbs) with a body circumference of 70 cm (22 in). The patient noted some edema around the heart with a diffuse subcutaneous mass (figure 1[A]). Her blood pressure was normal on the left side (120/73 mmHg). Her heart rate was 72 beats/min (68 bpm), in which a tachypnea was noted, without a change in her pulse rate. There were no abnormalities on the cervical and thoracic radiographs, and her chest radiograph was normal without any abnormalities on that exam. There was no abnormality on the heart rate monitor, but she appeared fatigued. Figure 1 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint A radiograph of the neck with normal left upper lobe. Caption A radiograph of the neck with normal left upper lobe.  Echocardiogram There was no abnormality in the aortic or pulmonary arteries or in any other vital areas of the heart. The pulmonary artery is slightly elevated with aortic dilation. The left ventricular ejection fraction was 44%;