PROMPT:

AP:  The ulcer will continue to heal on its own with proper care and dressing change. Pt was advised of proper nutritions and to watch for fever or redness for potential infection

RESPONSE:

 . This would not result in a severe complication. PT advised that the patient was a high risk for complications and continued to use the recommended antibiotic ointment for a few days until he was back on clean needles.  5.5.7.3.2 (13-Dec-2012): Patient was seen in CT by Dr. Sartorius. She received a CT scan in January 2012 and was advised by a nurse to continue to receive pain medication during the procedure. After completion the procedure in March, her pain was still relatively severe, and she was treated with the same amount of medication for the remainder of the year (April – June 2012). In August 2012, she developed a fever, which was treated with a warm bath (not a cold compress), and her body temperature immediately stabilized.  5.5.7.4 (13-Dec-2012): Patient was seen in ED the morning after the procedure. Patient required no emergent procedures due to the pain in her abdomen. Patient was observed until 9 a.m. by a nurse. She then was seen and transferred back to the OR where she had an epidural injection before being transferred to another hospital of her choice.  5.5.7.5 (13-Dec-2012): Patient remained in the same hospital for approximately 6 weeks; however, she was transferred twice to more specialized centers. After receiving adequate pain relief from her new pain medication, she underwent another laparoscopic surgery. At her third appointment, the pain had subsided but was not as great as when she first arrived. She was discharged later that day.  5.5.7.6 (13-Dec-2012): Patient was discharged from this center after 1 week of being seen. She was referred back to another center for her next procedure (A laparoscopic hysterectomy).  5.6 (Dec-2012): Patient was seen by the same ED doctor after her 2nd appointment. She was immediately referred to another center for her followup appointment.  5.7 (Dec-2012): Patient went to her fourth appointment in January 2013 when she had a second laparoscopic hysterectomy. In spite of the pain of abdominal distension, the pain did not go away even after her body temperature returned (approximately 90°C). A second epidural was given as the epidural anesthetic had been discontinued after the first procedure and she did not know what heated the body. As the second procedure went