PROMPT:

Past Medical History The patient reports several symptoms associated with depression, including low enegery and irregular sleeping habits. The patient has

RESPONSE:

  a history of migraines (with a duration of at least 6 months) and recent migraines have been accompanied by depression. She seems to be experiencing major depressive episodes which she has been struggling with for several years now. She is currently taking antidepressant medication for bipolar or manic depressive disorder. Her past medical history appears to be in order. [This information is based on the patient's self-reported history and is self-reported]  Current Medical History The patient reports that she takes the antidepressant antidepressant drug, venlafaxine (Effexor XL; GlaxoSmithKline), to treat bipolar disorder. She seems to have had a manic episode in 2011. She has developed an episode of depression after another depressive episode in June 2013. A diagnosis of bipolar disorder is made based on the history and medical information above.  Drug Therapy The patient does not use any illicit drugs. The patient used to smoke marijuana. She stopped the use of marijuana approximately one year ago. She is currently using the drug venlafaxine (Effexor XL; GlaxoSmithKline), for mood and anxiety symptoms, as she experiences problems with excessive sleep time, sleep-related cognitive impairment during daytime, and insomnia.  Other Medications The patient is currently using an antianxiety drug, scopolamine, for sleep problems. She also takes antidepressant medicine and her blood pressure medication is in rotation on a two day a week schedule, and her thyroid medication is in rotation on a daily schedule.  Current Substance Use The patient does not use alcohol, illicit drugs (such as crack or cocaine), psychostimulants, or phencyclidine (PCP). She rarely uses nicotine; however, she has tried it when she has had a cigarette. She has had a small amount of recreational drug use previously, but these past recreational experiences appear to be no longer relevant. She smokes marijuana every day. After consuming a smoked marijuana cigarette, she will immediately begin to feel anxious and uncomfortable for at least 10 minutes or until she reaches a peak of withdrawal symptoms. She will need to continue taking the nicotine replacement therapy until she regains feeling normal.  Family History Of Mood And Anxiety Disorders The patient does not have any personal or family history of mental health problems. She has no history of drug abuse.  Physical examination The patient is normal, with a body mass index (BMI) of less than 21. Approximately half your weight is water (about 85% fat); your legs are thin and