PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  She suffered a mild transient ischemia attack although was discharged from the ED with family to home.

RESPONSE:

  Her stroke required 2 weeks in follow up hospital after which she experienced headache which resolved with aspirin and acetaminophen.  Conclusion:  The current case report of patient with acute ischemic stroke, who was treated with a single dose of aspirin, supports the use of aspirin as an adjunct pharmacologic approach for stroke. This would be more likely to benefit patients with acute ischemic stroke, who have normal neurologic results. The lack of evidence does suggest caution for treating patients with acute ischemic stroke with this agent as there is a lack of evidence as to the mechanism of action or possible risk factors for stroke in a subpopulation of patients, and there is the potential for significant side effects. This is also a case report of a single dose of aspirin taken as the second line therapy in a patient with a stroke with multiple lesions and an ischemic stroke. Further studies are required to validate this hypothesis; for example the mechanism of action may involve blocking the reuptake of calcium into the synaptosomal membrane.  (3) R. R. et al., "The effects of parenteral aspirin on brain endothelial cells and cognitive function after acute ischemic stroke in rats," Stroke, Vol. 27, May 2011  (4) C. T. et al., "Plasma total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and cerebral blood flow in chronic headache following aspirin administration", Headache, April 2008, Volume 52, Issue 8 pg. 673-80 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18356822  (5) C. T. J. et al., "In vivo effects of aspirin on brain endothelial progenitor cell responses to hypoxia and hypoxia/ischemia in rats with ischemic stroke," Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews, Vol. 28, September 2013, pp. 1189-1199  (6) R. P. et al., "Antipsychotic drugs in stroke and neuropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials," Stroke, Vol. 46, July 2013, pg. 1485-1500 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23581779  (7) N. E. K. et al., "Effect of a single 20 mg dose of an non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug on brain perfusion in patients