PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Patient will continue medications and therapy at home. Follow-up with her PCP is recommended within the next 7 days

RESPONSE:

 .  Routine Care (RCC) - If needed, call the family physician and schedule an RCC appointment.  Fever or Infection: Call your physician as soon as you may think about fever or infection. If fever does not improve after three days, you should call your physician for a second opinion. However, if the fever is not improving within 7 days from the first visit, a second opinion isn't necessary.  Exercise Therapy  Exercising may help a person feel better even if symptoms aren't progressing. Exercise can also help maintain balance, improve flexibility, and help manage pain and other complaints. As a result, exercise has a beneficial effect for those who have mild to moderate symptoms.  Exercising and pain relievers are not effective medications for mild to moderate pain or headache. For more serious pain or migraine, an anti-inflammatory medication may be preferred.  It is important to make sure the person is adequately hydrated.  Exercise may be helpful if the person:  Wants to take medications or see a doctor.  Has a condition that limits ability to walk.  Does not want to be confined to bed.  The goal of exercise is to improve muscle and physical strength and stamina. It makes a person feel more alert, increases heart rate, and can increase energy in the muscles. It also helps reduce the amount of time that muscles have to rest between sets.  Eating and Drinking  Food and beverage should be consumed cautiously to avoid food poisoning risks. Food and drinks also should not be consumed for prolonged periods of time -- even at home -- unless an appropriate reason is given.  Foods that must be eaten, or that are not prepared properly, may contain pathogenic pathogens. People with acute or chronic illnesses may become ill because they have not eaten these foods or drinks in the past 24 hours.  If you suspect your child's food or drink may contain disease-causing pathogens, please contact your child's primary care doctor or other health care provider right away.  A person with severe acute illness and dehydration cannot eat and drink on their own. They must be fed, hydrated, and provided with fluids, care, and comfort by a health care provider -- not just because someone else is there.  Treating a person who is not able to eat or drink on their own may include taking the person directly to a hospital, providing hydration through intravenous or oral fluids, transferring the