PROMPT:

HPI Comments The patient presents with a fever and shortness of breath associated with community acquired pneumonia

RESPONSE:

  and heptic asthmatic episodes. He is admitted to hospital for observation, but does not survive.  A review of his laboratory studies reveals significant hemolysis. He was found to have a blood loss of 1 ml/0.1 L and a creatinine-to-creatinine ratio of 1.2. He also had a low serum lactate concentration (23.7 mmol/l), a concentration which is of significant concern as it can compromise survival.[4] A lactic acidosis is unlikely due to lack of fluid volume and an increase in oxygen consumption (by approximately 25% above the arterial blood volume)[1] A lactate dehydrogenase activity test in the critically ill patient without evidence of hypothermia (by using pH as the measure of acidosis) should be considered for future case, given the findings of blood loss and increase in lactate dehydrogenase.  Diphenyltetrazole (DT) and ketamine (4-MeO-DMT)  The combination of diphenyltetrazole (DLT) and ketamine provides the combination of anaesthetic properties of both anaesthetics, as well as some of the drug's pharmacological effects such as euphoria and reduced pain. It is well known that DT has significant sedative properties and there are reports of patients succumbing to its sedative properties while undergoing surgery. This may present an important risk to anaesthetised patients undergoing surgeries where the risk of sedation outweighs that of anaesthesia itself. Therefore, in cases of suspected anaesthesia‐associated cardiac failure, and in the operating room especially given the risk of hypothermia, ketamine was used as 'tranquiliser' anaesthetic.  A review of these case reports [10, 29, 48–52] confirms the presence of ketamine, but also some of the cardiac conduction abnormalities (cardiac troponin, mitral valve prolapse, atrioventricular block) previously described. An early death due to overdose of this combination was reported in a patient after an abdominal perforation. After a second operation, he developed severe respiratory illness which progressed to pneumonia. On post‐operative wards, it was noted in one report that a patient died after intubation, during intubation, during periprocedural ventilation, and during resuscitation by intubation alone.[13]  Despite these reports, a case report[53] of a man who died after