PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily

RESPONSE:

  to reduce risk of MI.  Patient reports having had no reported allergies to penicillin, streptokinase, or amylase. There is no history of any known allergies.  Patient is not receiving any immunosuppressants, other than prednisone and azathioprine.  Patient does not have any other known medical conditions.  Patient has no documented history of Cushing's disease.  Patient does not have a history of prior surgery.  Patient is taking no other medications at the time of evaluation.  Patient reports normal laboratory findings and physical findings.  Patient reports being a patient with no history of Cushing's syndrome or hypercalcemia, or previous stroke or coronary vascular disease.  Patient reports a regular diet, and no regular alcohol intake.  Patient does not smoke, or has quit smoking within the last 8 weeks.  Patient is in excellent health with none reported medical condition, chronic illness, or substance abuse.  Patient has normal vital signs.  Patient has normal blood pressure.  Patient reports no symptoms of any bleeding or clot complications at presentation. (Patient in this report had two previous strokes.)  Patient has reported to have a healthy family history of heart disease and type 2 diabetes.  Patient has no history of diabetes mellitus, hypertension, or hyperlipidemia.  Patient has no use of medications with aspirin inhibition. Patient reports not taking any medications for depression, anxiety, or appetite improvement.  Patient has no report of a current or previous family history of heart attack, stroke, or blood clot complications.  Patient reports no history of alcohol use at this time.  Patient does not use tobacco products for nicotine replacement therapy.  Patient reports having no use of medication for psychiatric conditions (including ADHD).  Patient reports having no regular use of caffeine. Patient does not have current, prior, or history of stroke, and no history of other forms of stroke.  Patient reports having no history concerning head trauma or head injury. Patient reports no prior history of headache; is headache-free or minimally affected at this time; and no history of current, previous, or existing cardiovascular illness.  Patient has no history of stroke or acute cerebrovascular accident.  Patient reports complete absence of acute or chronic pulmonary disease at