PROMPT:

History of Present Illness This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily

RESPONSE:

  with no prior history of heart disease or history of myocardial infarction or stroke.  This image does not show any heart disease diagnosis. This is a typical wellness visit with an initial office visit followed by a phone call with an Endocrinology Nurse to discuss the history, check for current cholesterol levels, test for heart disease risk factors, and discuss recommendations to address concerns. If you notice a pattern of symptoms over a longer time frame, it has a high likelihood of being related to an unhealthy lifestyle, including smoking, drinking, or excess weight. The same is true for diabetic ketoacidosis.  This image does not show any symptoms of hypothyroidism or hypothyroidism related thyroid disease.  This image does not show any symptoms of metabolic issues or metabolic diseases.  This is a typical office visit with an intake for cholesterol, vitamin D, and blood pressure. Your blood pressure is assessed with a reading of 115/79 mmHg. This is also the average age for men and women in the United States.  This image does not show any diabetes diagnosis. This means any issues that may require a diagnosis by a physician, such as hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia, may be missed by a clinician. This is also true for other complications that may be part of diabetes.  This is a typical office visit to discuss heart health risks, including heart attack risk, myocardial infarction risk, obesity, and heart disease prevention.  This image does not show any current risk factors or cholesterol levels. If you notice a pattern of symptoms over a longer time frame, it has a high likelihood of being related to a unhealthy lifestyle, including smoking, drinking, or excess weight. The same is true for diabetic ketoacidosis.  This is a typical office visit to discuss the results of recent tests, such as lipids, blood pressure, EKG, and cardiac imaging. For example, if you have a heart murmur, you may have a baseline echocardiogram that will help determine whether you have heart disease or have a healthy heart. If your results show heart disease, you may be referred to a specialist who might recommend more advanced testing.  For more information on the various types of wellness visits in medicine, consult the Mayo Clinic's Medical Clinic Directory.