PROMPT:

HPI Comments The patient presents with eye pain and worsening vision. He reports bluriness over the past feel days without history of glaucoma, cataracts or other eye disease

RESPONSE:

 . He maintains a normal serum lipoprotein level but has a low fasting serum C-reactive protein level. He is on an HPMC (6 mg once daily).  The patient presents complaining of difficulty seeing and increasing visual acuity. He is uncooperative and has limited verbal recall about the details of his medical history and current visual symptoms. He denies any significant use of alcohol or illegal drugs. He is married and has children. He has no previous significant medical conditions. He is an immunosuppressed person.  Evaluate patient for the presence of hyperbilirubinemia. An elevated liver transaminases should be considered and the patient should be sent for further assessment.  Treatment: Heparin HPMC tablets may be administered, at 150 mg/day IV, as single infusions (total: 120 units/patient). Management of patients receiving HPMC is largely directed at managing bleeding risk (eg, bleeding control, use of platelets, use of blood transfusions). Other treatment modalities (eg, diuretics) should not be used in patients receiving HPMC.  Additional Comments: Heparin HPMC is indicated only in patients with moderate to severe refractory glaucoma.  The following medications are commonly used in the treatment of acute vision loss due to glaucoma:  Carotenoids : Lutein, beta carotene, alpha and beta carotene  Chloroquine : Regimens can include oral, IV or subcutaneous (SQ) administration; doses can range from 75 mg/day to 800 mg/day.  Cimetidine : Regimens can include oral or SQ (SQ/cimetidine) administration; doses can range from 75 mg/day to 500 mg/day.  Corticosteroids: These are used to lower the level of inflammation in the eye resulting from the immune reaction to the virus or the tumor causing the glaucoma.  Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as indomethacin (Indocin), indomol (Indomethacin), and aspirin (Aspirin), are not generally used as adjunctive treatment in the treatment of glaucoma.  Additional Resources:  Glaucoma Treatment Guidelines  Medline Plus  National Eye Institute