PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL Patient presents with a fever, sore throat and overall unwell. Symptoms reported to start 5 days ago and fever has been persistent and treated with acetaminophen

RESPONSE:

 , ibuprofen, and aspirin. The symptoms of the flu are in full swing. Blood culture performed and culture is positive for flu. The diagnosis is confirmed on examination by performing culture and histological examination. It was found to contain Streptococcus pneumoniae and Acinetobacter baumannii. Patient is discharged as a day #1 patient with antibiotic resistant methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Patient has no symptoms and is discharged.  PHYSICAL Patient presented with cough and generalized sore throat. Overdose with fluocinone has been noted and all antibiotics were discontinued. The discharge note mentions antibiotics for a cough. The discharge is now 2 days later. The cough resolves after 6-8 days. It was thought a viral virus was responsible for the cough.  PHYSICAL Patient presented with fever, chills, cough with profuse sneezing and bloody nose. Overdose with fluocinone has been noted and all antibiotics were discontinued. The discharge note mentions antibiotics for fever but no significant improvement.  MECHANISMS OF INFECTION AND TREATMENT  STI transmission is a major contributor to all types of communicable and systemic disease in the world. Approximately 1 case per 1 million population will be associated with a patient at a healthcare facility. Transmission can occur when an infected individual exposes other personnel, including staff or non-staff members, in a healthcare facility.  TREATMENT  HIV infection and the spread of HIV infection to others  CIGARETTE USE is a source of HIV transmission.  EXPLANATION OF A DIAGNOSIS FROM LISK  Lisk has a wealth of resources (www.laskshoutreach.org/LiskCureForDisease/index.shtml).  The Lisk website includes a section entitled "CURE FOR DISEASE." The page provides the details of Lisk's protocol, which includes a description of a detailed HIV investigation to be performed by a healthcare provider. The page includes a series of steps to be taken by the provider. In this section of the website, Lisk's Lisk Cure for Disease page also includes recommended steps.  The Lisk website also includes a series of articles entitled:  Lisk: Lisk Cure for Disease The Lisk Cure for Disease is a series of tips for treating and preventing sexually transmitted diseases (STDs).  