PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Follow-up in 3 months

RESPONSE:

  (N=18-29 yr old)  –  The primary outcome would be the change in pain from baseline to follow-up.  –  Patients were recruited through local advertisements and word of mouth.  –  The study was approved by the ethical committee for non-fatal health care research at the Faculty Centre of Medicine, UCL.  –  The main outcome measure was change from baseline to 3 months in reported pain by patients who had received spinal manipulation.  –  Outcome measures (change from baseline to 3 months) included pain from baseline (with the first measurement) to 3 months, the patients' perception of pain, and the patients' self-reports of their pain.  –  Secondary outcomes included the same clinical measures as the primary outcome to investigate if changes in pain were also related to other outcomes such as change in functional status, global improvement, and functional capability, and the same questionnaires related to self-reported symptoms.  –  Primary outcome measures (change from baseline to 3 months) were the change in reported pain from baseline to 3 months.  –  The primary outcome would be the change in pain from baseline to follow-up.  –  Patients were recruited through local advertisements and word of mouth.  –  The study was approved by the ethics committee for non-fatal health care research at the Faculty Centre of Medicine, UCL.  –  The study was funded, in part, by a Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC) Programme Grant and Wellcome Trust-funded Investigator Award.  –  Confidence intervals (CI) in proportions are reported for all primary outcomes.  COMPETITIVE AFFINITIES OF SPINAL MANIPULATION AND NINJUREPTICS FOR THE TREATMENT OF GENERAL PAIN*  [Read about the study in Clinical Pain Management]  –  A non-inferiority trial was carried out in 21 patients using spinal manipulation (n=9) and naloxone (n=9) for the treatment of general pain, with the other treatments used in a similar way (n=21).  –  The primary outcome was the change in pain from baseline to follow-up.  –  Patients were recruited through advertisements and word of mouth.  –  The study was approved