PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily

RESPONSE:

  for high blood pressure is reported. Patient is having a good appetite and is able to maintain a healthy weight. Patient meets his or her target weight in the next few weeks. Physical examination demonstrates no signs of hyperphagia. He or she has a fair and healthy complexion.  2.3.0.10 Management of patients with diabetes mellitus with concomitant dyslipidaemia and high risk of cardiovascular disease: the Management recommendations for patients with the above indications and for patients who are insulin dependent will be outlined in an accompanying document. In order to help manage hyperglycaemia, high triglycerides, and cardiovascular risk in diabetic patients treated with a statin, the following additional management options are offered in some selected non-treatment specific areas. Management of patients with diabetes Mellitus and dyslipidaemia Treatment of diabetes Mellitus The following treatment options will be aimed at managing the symptoms associated with being diagnosed with diabetes Mellitus [6]. These options are indicated for the management of diabetes mellitus and dyslipidaemia separately. However, it should be noted that all of these options are effective and effective at reducing hyperglycaemia, low HDL-C values, poor glucose tolerance, reduced HDL-C and high LDL-C value; these changes are all indicative of the metabolic changes secondary to hyperglycaemia and the associated clinical outcomes such as cardiovascular disease. Treatment of hyperglycaemia Treatment can be provided by insulin in combination with oral hypoglycaemic agents, insulin alone, insulin with diet, or insulin with oral hypoglycaemic agents and diet. With regard to the treatment of hyperglycaemia, the following options will address the management of hyperglycaemia using insulin: Management of low HDL-C  The management of low HDL-C is aimed at managing the symptoms associated with being diagnosed with low HDL-C in patients taking low doses of oral hypoglycaemic agents. As a condition of treatment for treating low HDL-C by means of insulin, patients will have an insulin dose of 250 mcg for patients with LDL-C values of less than 50 mg/dL (400mg/d) and 250 mcg for patients with LDL-C values of 50 to less than 80 mg/dL (800mg/d). Management of high triglycerides Management of high triglycerides in combination with an insulin dose of 500 units a day or more is indicated in patients with triglyceride levels between 1.2 and 1.7 mmol/L (3.6 to 5.4 mg/