PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  Patient was advised of surigical options but currently plans to pursue continued therapy and medications

RESPONSE:

 . Patient was offered a 2nd MRI on the basis of the initial scan. Patient chose to decline both MRI's on the basis of her current health concerns.   Results: The initial CT scan found a large lesion of cortical thickness in the left hemisphere ( Figure 2 ). A second CT scan was conducted in December of 2009 to provide a more complete evaluation of cortical thickness of the left hemisphere and an additional MRI completed in April 2010. On examination, it was apparent that the lesion had not yet healed ( Figure 3 ). Figure 4  Diagram of right cortical thickness of the right hemisphere at the time of initial imaging (March, 2009). This MRI demonstrated a 1 month old lesion, with a significant lesion and cortical atrophy in the left hemisphere. The lesion, however, had not completely healed and was not completely symmetrical in volume.  Figure 5  Diagram of left cortical thickness of the left hemisphere at the time of initial imaging (March, 2009). This MRI demonstrated a 2 month old lesion, with significant cortical atrophy in the right hemisphere.  The lesion, however, had not completely healed and was not completely symmetrical in volume. Figure 6  Diagram of a portion of the lesion at first and second MRI. Note that there is a "fuzzy" appearance or "graininess."  Figure 7   Left and right hemispheric cortical thickness at the time of initial MRI.  To further examine the size of the lesion, a full extent MRI was conducted on a portion of the lesion.   [1]   This MRI showed a 3 month old lesion ( Table 1 ). This lesion consisted of a very large subcortical (subcortical-thalamic junction) cortical area with extensive periventricular gray matter ( Figure 8 ). The periventricular volume was 5.2 cm3. These numbers are comparable to those reported in post-mortem studies of Alzheimer's disease (PD)  and are consistent with a lesion with a very extensive clinical course.  Table 1  Periventricular perimortem gray matter volume of the   left hemisphere prior to the lesion of March, 2009. Note that the total of this  MRI  is not significant when compared with the perivenepersonal white matter volume of 0.7 cm3.  Table 2  Total cerebral white matter volume of the   left hemisphere 