PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL The patient presents for a well-child visit with no complaints. The patient is due for vaccine administration and regular checkup of physical and mental development

RESPONSE:

  and symptoms. The history: The patient's mother had an acute onset of an anaphylactoid reaction. The patient was given a 2-dose series of OPV (Polio-Varicella- Oral Polio Vaccine) at approximately 2 months post-vaccination.  On the subsequent checkup (months 3-15), the patient developed seizures in conjunction with a mild fever. The seizures stopped when the patient was discharged from the hospital. The onset of these seizures occurred less than 2 months after the vaccination while a patient was in the hospital.  A full physical examination and laboratory tests revealed no abnormal findings.  The case description is an illustration of a severe type of vaccine-induced anaphylactic reaction.  Case History  Vaccination History: The patient was born in June 1992 and resided in rural Thailand. Her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Udomawong, were well educated and avid home-schoolers. At age 2, the patient was vaccinated against rotavirus and diphtheria. After receiving the first dose of OPV, the patient developed an aplastic anemia followed by seizures over a 4 week period. Following discontinuing OPV, she exhibited no further signs of seizures and the signs resolved spontaneously.  On another occasion, as early as October 2008, after starting home school and learning about the risk of polio immunization by her parents and his home-school friends, the patient was vaccinated against polio.  This patient experienced a mild fever 1 week after immunization and developed seizures 3 weeks after immunization. The seizure resolved spontaneously following 1 year of followup.  Discussion  Case Report: The patient presented with severe aplastic anemia 1 month after immunization. Since the patient received a mild fever and no other symptoms 1 week after immunization, immunologic changes were not identified as a possible cause. Since no symptoms of anaphylaxis, anaphylaxis to hepatitis B, or hepatitis A were reported after immunization, the risk of developing other autoimmune diseases or hepatitis is unlikely given the limited number of reported cases.  The patient's only history of anaphylaxis is the onset of aplastic anemia 1 month following OPV.  As the case demonstrates, the onset of anaphylaxis after immunization is often less dramatic than other autoimmune diseases and vaccine-induced anaphylaxis due to hepatitis B and hepatitis A. As such, these vaccine-associated autoimmune diseases are