PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist

RESPONSE:

 . There has never been a time in history when a treatment plan for severe asthma was developed by this type of care group and the MDM group with complete accuracy. It was not always the case that a pulmonologist was available for followup with a person with this disease. In the past, lung function tests, a bronchoscopy, and CT or MRI were not routinely performed for adults with asthma. However, these measures are still used for children with asthma who have not yet passed into adulthood. In fact, these measures are highly effective in monitoring the disease and identifying patients whose treatment is not working. It is estimated that only about one in ten adult patients with asthma is still treated successfully and the treatments continue to be evaluated to be more effective. In this setting many clinicians and patients feel that if they can't get to the point of treating a young adult or child, they shouldn't continue with treatment. At this time, the current medical community is unsure how or whether to provide these types of care interventions for all asthmatic children and adults.  The Patient Needs a Pulmonologist: A majority of patients would prefer a specialized professional to handle their asthma needs. For most of these patients the MDM group or another group of specialists is more appropriate than a generalist. Some patients would prefer having a specialist rather than having multiple specialists who can offer little or no benefit. These patients often choose the MDM group to provide care that is tailored to their particular needs rather than to a generic group that has no experience in a specific patient's disease. A recent study found that the MDM groups and other specialists had less disagreement and missed opportunities for treating problems because of insufficient communication between these groups.  Some Patients would rather Not Go to a Pulmonologist: Some patients are simply not comfortable seeing a pulmonologist. As indicated in the previous question, the number and type of services that a pulmonologist can provide in a given setting varies and even with the best of intentions a physician will not always be able to provide the specific services that patients need. While some patients may desire a doctor who has a specialized experience in their disease, it's difficult to tell if they actually need a doctor with this expertise to address their condition.  Some Patients Want a Pulmonologist to Perform a Pulmocolic Intervention: The patient wants someone to monitor his or her heart rate, breathing rate, or pulse during an inhaler attack. A general practice doctor's involvement in this type of care is very helpful in diagnosing asthma