PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION The patient reports several symptoms associated with depression, including low enegery and irregular sleeping habits. The patient has

RESPONSE:

  also been told by his primary care doctor to take a 20 mg dose of L-tryptophan daily. At the time of study onset, the patient was taking 20 mg of L-tryptophan per day. This level of L-tryptophan intake has been associated with increased depressive symptoms. Although the patient had not taken any other dietary supplement during the prior 2 years, he reported to be taking L-tryptophan. The patient reported no unusual dietary intake in the prior months or in the 2 weeks before onset of the symptoms. The patient reports symptoms in both arms. The symptoms have been present since he stopped taking L-tryptophan. He reported feeling good about himself and had not experienced any sadness or anxiety during the preceding 8 months. The patient reports being a workaholic. Since his illness arose, he has changed his diet and sleep patterns, although this has not been well received by his family. The patient has made efforts to reduce the frequency and severity of episodes and is trying to regain a normal life. The symptoms resolved almost immediately after cessation of the L-tryptophan regimen; however, the patient reported experiencing mild dysphoria, and decreased concentration and sleep. During the period of follow-up, the patient has been able to return to his former employment, despite the absence of depressive symptoms.  INTERVENTION/INTERVENTION BENEFICIAL OR DISADVANTAGE PENDING The treatment consisted of 20 mg of the L-tryptophan HCl capsule daily for 1 week.  INTERVENTION/INTERVENTION ADAPTATION TO MANAGEMENT The patient has been advised that he may stop taking the L-tryptophan capsules if he is unable to tolerate the effects, which have been reported to include dysphoria, fatigue, and insomnia. At the time of this study, no adverse reactions were reported.  CONCLUSION AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE The symptoms of depression often resolve with gradual tapering of L-tryptophan supplementation. The dosage of 20 mg per day of L-tryptophan was chosen to approximate the amount consumed by those in the general population. These symptoms improved or resolved within 8 weeks following cessation of the supplement. Although the L-tryptophan tablet did not cause major side effects, the side effects of anxiety may be a source of anxiety in the patient. The clinical significance of this information is unclear.  TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: