PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION The patient presents with eye pain and worsening vision. He reports bluriness over the past feel days without history of glaucoma, cataracts or other eye disease

RESPONSE:

 . He also has no prior signs or symptoms of diabetes mellitus or other risk factors such as obesity, smoking or alcohol use. The patient denies self-administration of any medications. The patient has no significant medical or family history of thyroid disease or diabetes. A recent blood test for a total cholesterol level and triglyceride levels is normal. An electrocardiogram performed at the same time as the eye exam shows no abnormalities or abnormalities of the mitral annulus or anterior wall of the heart. The patient indicates that he is unable to work due to a loss of sight in an eye. He states that he has taken multiple medications without side effects, and there are no medications he has taken in the past that may have affected his eye sight. The patient also states that he does not remember taking any prescription or over-the-counter medications, including acetaminophen butyric acid. There have been no previous ophthalmic examinations performed on his eyes. The patient's eyes are normal and there is no clinical evidence of cataracts.  EXAMINATION Surgical examination revealed a large intraocular edema in the ophthalmic bed that was well-tapped. A thin layer of corneal tissue was found in the central portion of the visual field. There was no obvious involvement of the anterior wall of the heart. A papilledema was present. The anterior wall and posterior wall of the heart were normal. The patient's eye examination was normal with no cataracts that could be seen on the ultrasound. No previous ophthalmic examination had been performed on the patient's eyes. The patient does have previous prescription medication use and drinking alcohol use in the past, however, the symptoms reported by him are consistent with a diabetic eye disease. The presence of two high blood pressure medications, efavera and nifedipine, suggest that he is not well maintained with his medications and may be taking medications beyond his prescription.  Evaluation for Diagnosis of Eye Disease  Diagnostic evaluation of patients with diabetes may occur under various circumstances such as in an outpatient clinic or at a local ophthalmic referral center.  Papilledema: Papilledema is a reddish, yellowish, and white, waxy skin flake, which may vary from thin to thick.  Corneal Edema: When papilledema is present in the eye area, it may have a pinkish or yellowish appearance on the surface. When the edema is located in