PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  This is Medicare wellness visit. Patient reports with no complaints and is currently taking atorvastatin for lipid management and aspirin OTC daily

RESPONSE:

  (n=27, average age 48 years, male: 69%, white: 76%, other: 11%). Patient reports with recent adverse events include myocardial infarction. Complications have included pulmonary embolisms, stroke, thrombosis and pulmonary hypertension. Patient has been a resident of Ohio (no other location noted). 1  In-Depth Description  Fluoride has been shown to reduce the risk of dental caries or periodontitis. This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of intranasal fluoride in patients presenting with flu or wheezing.  Patient Population  Fluoride (2.5-5 mg)  Radiographic imaging revealed that fluoride increased the diameter of the interstitium by 2.5 - 5%, an effect that might not be clinically relevant. A total of 18 patients enrolled in this study.  Outcomes  The overall primary outcome was the rate of Fluoride (F) administered in the first 30 days. Secondary outcomes included secondary fluorosis severity as measured by DMD, Fluoride (F) administered for a mean of 30.0 days [25th percentile (24th month)], and treatment retention. There were no significant between-group differences as defined by Fisher exact test by intention to treat or according to intention to treat.  Results  The total patient sample included 18 patients, 9 male and 8 female (Table 1). Median (25th /75th percentile) age was 47.4 (25th: 44.5; 75th: 45.1) years. There were no significant between-group differences. All patients had clinical history of dental caries. The mean duration of treatment was 1.4 years (range 1.0 to 1.6 years), with most patients continuing their medication throughout treatment. The mean dose of Fluoride (F) given initially was 1.9 mg (range 1.6 - 2.8 mg)/day.  There were no significant between-group differences in the DMD score (0 [not seen]; 1 [severe; may be treatment-emergent]; -3 [moderate; may persist over 1 year]; -4 [mild; may recur, or become apparent after 3 years]; -6 [moderately severe; may require prolonged therapy]; -8 [severe]. DMD scores were reported to be normal in 2 patients at all ages (2.8 mg/d and 3