PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist

RESPONSE:

  and intercostal muscle testing at 4-6 months. The patient is a healthy woman and on the no adjuvant cyclophosphamide. The diagnosis of MS is made by a chest x-ray and an electrocardiogram.  The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist and intercostal muscle testing at 4-6 months. The patient is a healthy woman and on the no adjuvant cyclophosphamide. The diagnosis of MS is made by a chest x-ray and an electrocardiogram. Evaluation: Pulmonary function, exercise capacity, and cardiac function are assessed with a pulmonary function test; physical and occupational function is assessed with a mobility test; and laboratory tests are performed to rule out systemic diseases, immunological disorders, or infection. Chest x-ray and electrocardiogram are performed to rule out pulmonary contusion. The patient is advised to take rest, avoid exercise, and stop smoking.  Pulmonary function, exercise capacity, and cardiac function are assessed with a pulmonary function test; physical and occupational function is assessed with a mobility test; and laboratory tests are performed to rule out systemic diseases, immunological disorders, or infection. Chest x-ray and electrocardiogram are performed to rule out pulmonary contusion. The patient is advised to take rest, avoid exercise, and stop smoking. Adjuvant: Cyclophosphamide (1 mg) is given intravenously, 1 week prior to cardiac assessment.  Cyclophosphamide (1 mg) is given intravenously, 1 week prior to cardiac assessment. Outcome: The patient is admitted to the ICU for further assessment with cardiac catheterization. The diagnosis of MS is made after the patient's coronary angiography results are abnormal and there is evidence of pulmonary contusion.  Cyclophosphamide (1 mg) is given intravenously, 1 week prior to cardiac assessment. The patient is admitted to the ICU for further assessment with cardiac catheterization. The diagnosis of MS is made after the patient's coronary angiography results are abnormal and there is evidence of pulmonary contusion. Conclusion: Cyclophosphamide should be avoided in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Cyclophosphamide should be avoided in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Cyclophosphamide should be avoided in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Cytokine testing is frequently indicated in patients with an abnormal electrocardiogram