PROMPT:

History of Present Illness This is a follow-up visit from prior encounter for back pain. The patient is continuing physicial therapy and OTC medications to manage the pain

RESPONSE:

 . At visit 14, the OSA patient was found to have a grade four MCS in his right leg, which had the symptoms related to CCSVI in his left leg.  The Lateral Ligament The patient had undergone surgery to have the Lateral Ligament (IL) of his tibial plateau flexed in an effort to reduce the amount of inflammation that developed over time with his tibial plateau fracture. He was placed on physical therapy to improve his flexibility and was seen by a PT three days prior to his visit. The patient stated that although he was able to function at work but his pain was back and could not seem to go down. He stated that the doctors suggested him to visit a new pain management center and that his therapist advised that he start on another medicine to control the pain in the area that the Lateral Ligament was strained. He reported having a physical therapist for the first time in the last couple months and stated that he has been on the physiotherapy and pain medicine regimen to improve his function. He has noticed improvement in his performance at work, but does not realize how it can be done or how long it has been going on for. This patient is going to return to a physical therapy center for evaluation/evaluation. He has been taking Physical Therapeutic Drug (PTD) for pain management and pain management of his TMD since he had his first MCS at the age of 13.  Grade Three MCS – The Patient's Right Leg  Patient's Physical Therapy History The patient has physical therapy scheduled four hours a day for 2 years including an upper body routine twice a week. His PT visits were with a PT that did hip-extensor and core training for about a year with no reported problems. His PT schedule continued to the point that after the initial visit, he was on PT for about a year, including physical therapy of his tibial plateau fracture. At the time of the initial visit, the patient had an injury to his tibial plateau fracture in his left leg. This fracture was related to CCSVI. The patient did not have any symptoms at the time of his initial MCS. He stated that it took about 1-2 weeks for him to begin some of the exercises to assist the pain and stiffness on the left side (tibia, and was in pain and stiffness from his left hip down to approximately his knee).  He had a PT visit for his pain and stiffness on his left side (left