PROMPT:

Past Medical History Patient presents with a fever, sore throat and overall unwell. Symptoms reported to start 5 days ago and fever has been persistent and treated with acetaminophen

RESPONSE:

 . He has been observed to increase his appetite and drink a lot of fluids.  History shows patient has had multiple episodes of fever (mild, moderate, severe), sinus infection. Patient has had a negative smear test for West Nile. Patient is concerned about other family members being exposed to this virus. He has a long history of heart murmur at presentation.  Patient has one known negative history of pertussis with no other recent fever, but is concerned about other family members being exposed to this virus.  Patient has a new family member who was not vaccinated for the pertussis and has developed a positive test. Family history is known to be positive for the measles virus, which is associated with the resurgence of the West Nile Virus.  Discussion The American Society for Microbiology (ASM) guidelines for the management of patients with suspected infectious diseases include the following clinical and laboratory aspects [28]: Diagnosis. A positive result for measles should prompt prompt identification and treatment by laboratory studies.  Treatment. Treatment without treatment is not necessary and should be conducted carefully in order to minimize the risk of death.  Management of Complications. Complications are rarely encountered during the management of suspected infectious diseases and include the following [27]: Sore throat associated with fever (i.e. laboratory confirmed measles or pertussis).  Respiratory and neurologic morbidity.  Cognitive and metabolic impairment.  Prognosis and Postexposure Prophylaxis. The outcome following an exposure to infectious agents has not been established in the context of the presence of an immune response. Management of an exposed person and exposure to additional infectious agents is the responsibility of public health and health care providers in the context of an immunocompromised individual [29]. Additional Immunization Recommendations Vaccination with live vaccine should be considered for individuals with medical and/or respiratory ailments, persons in contact with an infected person, those with close contact with pregnant or immunosuppressed women, and individuals exposed to other individuals with an infectious diseases. This includes exposure to someone with high risk of exposure for measles, but even for low risks of exposure, vaccination should be considered. All persons in contact with a confirmed or suspected rash case should receive a Measles, Mumps, and Rubella vaccine (MMR) or diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis (DTaP) vaccine. MMR has been identified in approximately 95% of cases with laboratory confirmed measles