PROMPT:

AP:  After biopsy, the mass was determined to be benign. Patient was advised to watch for additional growth or change. 

RESPONSE:

   Treatment: A 2 week course of   MEDICAID:  Treatment:  Routine follow up:  Patient 3, a 25 year old female with metastatic breast cancer, was prescribed oral doxorubicin 50 mg daily. Two weeks prior, patient reported a significant increase in weight that caused her to stop taking this medication and start on an oral chemotherapy regimen. Four weeks post treatment the patient reported that she had regressed to a pre diagnosis normal weight. Upon return of follow up, patient was a diagnosed post diagnosis normal weight 2 years post treatment. No further follow up was done.  Treatment:  MEDICAID: 10  Treatment: 15  SUDERKOMPATYZINE:  Treatment:  Failed MPS:  Treatment:  MEDICAID: 4  Treatment:  Routine follow up  Patient 4:  A 50 year old male with a positive MRD and MPS was given intravenously 40 g of GBM-L (500 mg/kg) and was observed for 5-8 hours. The patient was then transferred to an out-patient setting and his MRS improved significantly over the course of the 5-8 hours.   Routine:   Routine follow up:  Patient 5:  A 55 year old female with metastatic breast cancer was started on oral didanosine 100 mg/day.   Routine:  Routine follow up:  Patient 6:  A 28 year old female with metastatic breast cancer was started on oral didanosine 100 mg/day. At week 4, the patient reported increasing edema with worsening pain. The patient was followed up with blood work and did not respond to standard therapy. At week 10 the patient underwent a mastectomy to decrease lymph node involvement. An alternative approach was chosen and the patient discontinued the oral didanosine therapy.  Routine:  Routine follow up:  Patient 7:  A 29 year old female was diagnosed with localized breast cancer on examination conducted by the physician in the breast tumor pathology department. She was started on intravenous prednisone 100 mg/day, then after 6 months switched to oral prednisone 300 mg twice a day administered by mouth. The patient reported that she felt better and was able to sleep through the night without