PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  Fever and urinary symptoms: Should these symptoms return please contact your family doctor urgently or visit your nearest emergency department.

RESPONSE:

   If the fever does not go away, call your healthcare provider!  If any of the symptoms worsen, please contact your healthcare provider.  What to do next:  1. Make sure you get enough rest and fluids  2. If you are having any heart problems, check your echocardiogram and cardiac catheterization  3. If you are pregnant, talk to your healthcare provider about how you are feeling now and how to prepare for delivery  4. Call if you get worse or if fever persists  5. Report your case to your family doctor, nurse or healthcare provider if you experience any of these  What to do if you think you are pregnant / feel sick  The best way to prevent complications in pregnancy is for women to discuss pregnancy with their healthcare providers.  If you are pregnant, we highly recommend getting yourself checked in to a health center or hospital as soon as possible to avoid complications that may result in your baby being born too early or with a poor outcome.  Diarrhea  This is a common complication for pregnant women. A condition that may lead to a woman becoming dehydrated and can become life threatening and deadly if untreated.  Symptoms of dehydration:  1. You become weak  2. You gain little weight  3. Chills  4. A headache or dizziness  5. Dehydration can lead to hyponatremia  Symptoms of hyponatremia:  1. Fatigue  2. Dehydration  What to do next:  1. Start drinking plenty of liquids  2. Don't skip meals (unless you are under a lot of stress)  3. If severe, call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital  5. Call a hotline to report your case to your health care provider  What to do if you think you are suffering from an illness  Many illnesses can be treated. This list of symptoms is not meant to give a medical diagnosis or diagnosis of any illness, as many things can be diagnosed from symptoms alone. Many illnesses are more subtle and even more complicated to understand than others.  For a proper diagnostic, treatment, preventative, and relief plan, please contact your healthcare team or consult a doctor  Symptoms of illness  Soreness in the throat. Sore throat can indicate a wide range of causes including respiratory infections, viral infections,