PROMPT:

History of Present Illness Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

RESPONSE:

  but no symptoms of anaphylactic shock.  In fact, the patient did not have any symptoms of anaphylactic shock at all. All his symptoms of allergic rhinitis were consistent with a minor, viral upper respiratory tract infection. He did not develop anaphylactoid reactions, so he should not have been anaphylactic to the rhinocorticoids.  At the end of 1943, he was examined by two different physicians at the same institution. Both of them felt that his symptoms of allergic rhinitis, runny nose and other symptoms might be the result of a viral infection of the nasal mucosa. Both physicians said that if that was the case, the patient should be kept under careful watch and that some other test or tests should be made of his system every two weeks to verify if this was the case. The next day, the patient was sent home and asked to send back a urine specimen every two weeks for laboratory tests. When the patient was sent home on the day before Christmas, he sent back a urine specimen. The next day he sent back another urine specimen. The day after that, he had two additional urine specimens. It seems that the patient was very anxious to get the diagnosis correct and, even though his symptoms were the same as before, he sent in more urine specimens. These were not from after his influenza and a nasal wash of an antihistamine. He had no signs nor symptoms of the disease.  When the patient returned to the hospital on the 13th day, all of his symptoms had resolved with rest, deosmophobia and sleep. He was no longer able to sleep, but he kept on working. But on the last day of January 1944, it became obvious that he was experiencing some worsening of symptoms and that he was no longer able to work. When all of his symptoms had resolved, medical staff took him by ambulance to the ward room for observation and treated him with rest and deosmophobia until the next day. Then Dr. C.C. Gaffney, who was responsible for the observation, noted that he had a dry, sclerotic nasal mucosa around his nostrils and had swelling and redness in the nose area. Dr. Gaffney concluded that Dr. R. W. Jett's observations had been correct and that the patient was being treated for a minor nasal infection.  Patient's Complaints of Rhinitis  The case of the patient of this report is not