PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  Patient was advised of surigical options but currently plans to pursue continued therapy and medications

RESPONSE:

 . Patient was also counselled regarding her level of emotional distress.  Outcome Measures: The primary outcome measure was the change in score from baseline after 6 months, followed by the change from baseline during the follow-up period. Secondary outcome measures included the Psychotic Disorders Interview Schedule-Revised (PDI-R), Global Assessment of Functioning Scale (GAF-S), and global quality of life assessment of global functioning, global depression scale, and global anxiety scale. In the first 6 months of therapy (1) the patient saw a dramatic improvement towards her clinical functioning. She developed fewer symptoms of depression and anxiety and was able to achieve a higher level of interpersonal relationships. She was also able to maintain high functioning and was less likely to use psychotropic medications. On a global level she improved and was classified in a more desirable depression, generalized anxiety disorders, and social anxiety disorders category. The decrease in psychiatric diagnoses was attributed to a reduction in the number of medications she was taking and also as a result of the gradual decrease in symptoms of depression. The patient was able to maintain an active social life despite her treatment and decreased her medication usage and became more in control of her life. (2) After 6 months of therapy patient had been able to achieve a greater level of physical functioning, a decrease in depression, and an improvement in her interpersonal and cognitive relations. She developed a sense of well-being and was able to pursue some leisure activities, although she still struggled with social interactions due to her depression. Her PDI-R improved, and she was no longer classified as having any mood disorder. She gained more weight than she initially weighed. Her GAF-S improved with increased activity and socialization. Her global improvement had a more significant impact than changes from baseline. She had a better quality of life. (3) The patient was no longer receiving psychotropic medications and had also developed a daily schedule of activities. The patient was able to get a job, maintain friendships in a more successful way, and had a desire to make friends again. She reported a significant improvement on an overall depression score, GAF-S, and PDI-R. The patient also reported a greater sense of well-being and a more positive attitude towards her situation. A decrease in medications was noted. Finally, the patient reported that she felt more focused in her daily life and that she had less anxiety.  Conclusion: I can report that patient had a much smoother transition into the next stage of her life. It had a significant