PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  Follow-up in 3 months

RESPONSE:

   Interim Phase:  A single-blind crossover study lasting 30 days in the active group. Follow-up in 3 years in the drug group  Long-term Phase:  Follow-up after 3-years in the drug group and 12 years after randomization in the active drug group  Data to support the Phase 4 Dose Escalation:  In the active drug group, 2 uncontrolled studies found no significant difference between study arms for safety or effectiveness at the time of discontinuation, whereas 2 uncontrolled studies found significant differences between study arms. A post hoc analysis of the pooled findings of these 2 studies found no evidence of significant difference between trial arms, and no clinically important differences between study arms at the time of the discontinuation, with the exception of the difference by 4 months in the drug group. For completeness, we report the results for the control group, the drug group, and the two uncontrolled studies. No significant difference between trial arms was found in the placebo group (2 controlled studies, one with 531 patients and one with 755 patients).  No additional data were observed regarding the adverse effects. At the time of randomization, no serious adverse events were reported by study participants. One participant died from an adverse event associated with an investigational drug, and 3 participants experienced a grade 4 to grade 5 adverse event that required medical attention. All 8 participants with grade 5 adverse events reported the adverse events to study personnel after the study (data not shown). During the treatment period, adverse events occurred in 3 participants (incidence, 0.15 per 1000 patient days; 4 of which required hospitalization). There were no serious adverse events after study termination.  At the conclusion of the study, no serious or adverse adverse events were observed. In conclusion, this phase 3 trial was concluded after a median of 1.1 patient months and a median follow-up of 3.6 years. This study, which followed up patients following a phase 2 study in a small trial and in addition to phase 1 trial, confirmed the superiority of the investigational compound in achieving the desired outcome (the reduction in LDL cholesterol levels by 50% in a group of 645 patients), and it provided valuable data in the determination of its safety profile.  Comment  These data provide the first evidence to support the conclusion that metformin can significantly improve the clinical outcome of patients with prediabetes (1). This is especially noteworthy because there were no placebo-controlled studies to support the conclusion to date (2).