PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making: The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist

RESPONSE:

  and physician-in-chief about all noncardiac patients; for noncardiac patients, follow-up has to be repeated every year after 30 months. Patient is a good candidate for Palliative Care.  The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist and physician-in-chief about all noncardiac patients; for noncardiac patients, follow-up has to be repeated every year after 30 months. Patient is a good candidate for Palliative Care. Family/Children: If a patient is younger than 60 years old and has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or sepsis, the family/children have a good quality of life, if not better than patients without the illness.  if a patient is younger than 60 years old and has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or sepsis, the family/children have a good quality of life, if not better than patients without the illness. Primary Care: The primary care doctor has to decide which of the options is most appropriate in his/her country, he/she should be competent and patient-centered and should be able to provide advice.  The patient should speak English or Spanish.  The patient should have a good quality of life.  If available in the country, ECGs must be obtained for all patients requiring a repeat visit, and ECGs should be done every 2-6 months  The most common treatment for ventilator-dependent and sepsis was for palliative care and hospice care.  All patients with pulmonary embolism should be monitored after the first resuscitation attempt until at least 2 weeks, then again every 2-6 weeks until stable.  Patients with pneumonia or systemic infections should be given oxygen therapy, including patients with the following conditions, regardless of outcome:  Infection  Chronic pulmonary insufficiency  Chronic pneumonia  Influenza infection (in a patient who is not a seasonal influenza vaccine recipient)  Perfluorocarbon poisoning  The patient should be monitored at least 2 weeks after the emergency treatment begins.  Vital Signs  At baseline, a patient with severe COPD symptoms should have a serum total hemoglobin concentration of 10 g/dL. If the patient is not anemic, the serum total hemoglobin should be 12.4 g/dL by the last follow-up visit.  In patients with severe COPD symptoms, the pulse rate should