PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION The patient presents for a well-child visit with no complaints. The patient is due for vaccine administration and regular checkup of physical and mental development

RESPONSE:

  in the family. The history indicates no history of measles or other common childhood illnesses. There's no history of food allergies or recent travel to areas where measles is endemic. Allergies were present as part of the family history, however, the patient doesn't have severe allergies. At 4 years, there is a history of chronic fatigue, sleep disturbances, and fatigue. At the start of this illness, the patient had been experiencing these problems with no improvement.  On a positive screen, no symptoms of severe allergic reactions are recorded. No history of travel to measles endemic areas is noted. The PPP was a total of 11 weeks, with no return of fever or rash and no worsening of symptoms with the return of fever or rash.  There is no family history for allergy.  During the examination, mild rash was seen on the neck. The rash was small and was not typical of measles rash. It was not considered to be a reaction to the MMR vaccine in any way shape or form. The rash was a result of the severe cold the patient sustained during the past few weeks, and it was diagnosed as a viral illness.  Varying levels of redness and erythema were seen on the back, trunk, and extremities, and were not considered to be the result of a viral illness. Some redness was seen but was not considered to be the result of measles.  No history of eczema, contact with cats, or recent exposure to small cats was noted in the patient's family, with the exception of an 8 month-old cat previously in the family's home.  Laboratory Results  A complete blood count, complete blood profiles for specific immune factors, an immunoglobulin panel for IgM, IgG, DLA antibodies, EBOB immunoglobulin, and EBOB serotype were obtained at the time of testing.  During the first time period (before vaccination), the patient had only 2 fevers during the 5 days leading up to vaccine administration: a total of 5 in 5 (93%) cases were a result of the fever of 28°C and a rash.  After vaccination, a total of 9 fevers were observed, ranging from a total of 4 fevers over the preceding 4 days to a fever of 34°C. A total of 5 fevers over the 10 days of testing were due to viral illness, no fevers observed over the previous 26 days for any reason.  Serologic testing