PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  The ulcer will continue to heal on its own with proper care and dressing change. Pt was advised of proper nutritions and to watch for fever or redness for potential infection

RESPONSE:

 .  Management of Infected Cat:  1) All cats will have to be isolated from other cats for 48 hrs post treatment – if not managed early enough in the episode, infection can be highly severe and lead to permanent ulcerative skin lesions. 2) All cat will need to be checked for any new infections and their current vaccinations.   Treatment of Ulcer:  All of the above needs to be kept a constant constant watch for infections and/or signs of skin irritation.  Results:  We are extremely excited. Pt's first attempt to treat his stoma is looking like it worked! He is doing better each time. At least half of pt's stoma has gone and so are the ulcers. The healing process on Pt's ulcer was slowed by the stoma healing which was also a concern – however Pt is responding and doing better each time. It's great to see Pt improving so rapidly in what was a life and death situation. All the cats are doing much better, the owners are very happy with pt's progress and the staff at pt's hospital is also very happy that pt is alive and well.  Post-treatment pics   What a great outcome! We love and are so thankful for the love and care of all of you from everyone who has expressed their care, hope and prayers.  We want to continue this research and treatment if at all possible for other cats and dogs too. Please visit our website here for more information and to donate to the cause or to become a donor  http://www.kittystoma.com/  Also:  Pt has been involved in several other fundraising campaigns. He is a very social cat and very social and active, he enjoys playing with his toys, being with people, getting a bath and swimming with all of the other cats during the summer.   His favorite time of the year is Halloween! And the day after Halloween he enjoys hanging out in his yard with all of the other cats. He even plays like normal.  If you are interested in donating to his care, please visit the website page here