PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making: The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis.

RESPONSE:

  The patient has no significant pulmonary disease with evidence of a sub-diaphragmatic hernia with an initial sacroiliac joint motion of 5 degrees of flexion and a peak motion of 23-27 degrees of abduction which demonstrates a clinically significant joint instability. Physical examination indicates a mildly active patient with increased muscle mass with a normal vital capacity. The clinical diagnosis of bilateral anterior compartment syndrome is made and a clinical diagnostic workup includes physical exam, lumbar puncture, computed tomography examination, iliac and femoral computed tomography, and ultrasound. The patient's general physical condition would be stable or mildly disordered. The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis. The patient has no significant pulmonary disease with evidence of a sub-diaphragmatic hernia with an initial sacroiliac joint motion of 5 degrees of flexion and a peak motion of 23-27 degrees of abduction which demonstrates a clinically significant joint instability. Physical examination indicates a mildly active patient with increased muscle mass with a normal vital capacity. The clinical diagnosis of bilateral anterior compartment syndrome is made and a clinical diagnostic workup includes physical exam, lumbar puncture, computed tomography examination, iliac and femoral computed tomography, and ultrasound. The patient's general physical condition would be stable or mildly disordered. The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis. The patient has no significant pulmonary disease with evidence of a sub-diaphragmatic hernia with an initial sacroiliac joint motion of 5 degrees of flexion and a peak motion of 23.27 degrees of abduction which demonstrates a clinically significant joint instability. Physical examination indicates a mildly active patient with increased muscle mass with a normal vital capacity. The clinical diagnosis of bilateral anterior compartment syndrome is made and a clinical diagnostic workup includes physical exam, lumbar puncture, computed tomography examination, iliac and femoral computed tomography, and ultrasound. The patient's general physical condition would be stable or mildly disordered. The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis. The patient has no significant pulmonary disease with evidence of a