PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Pt is a uncontrolled type 2 diabetic with stage 3 chronic kidney disease. A nephrology consult and continued management of hypertension 

RESPONSE:

  would have improved his MDM. How   did they get the diagnosis from his family doctors?   My father has been taking statins for a long time.  I believe the statins actually caused his problems with CKD.  I don't know his details about that, but I do have some data pointing in that direction.  I will discuss that further further in the next blog post, so stay tuned. Why did the family doctors miss the initial symptoms until it was too late? The problem is that the early symptoms tend to be the ones with the highest risk for complications.  This is because the doctors are familiar with the disease, and have a greater understanding and confidence in the person who will eventually be diagnosed with the disease.   So that was the next problem; the family doctor was not familiar enough with the person's family.  The family members may have a lot of symptoms, but they don't show up as well as the first symptom--usually because there is no obvious pattern.   The family physicians have to ask more specific questions to really help the family understand the illness and decide what to do--and that takes time.   How can the family members take care of their own health? One way is to maintain a healthy lifestyle.  For instance, people could work on keeping their diets and exercise up, learn how to cook a healthy meal, and learn about all the risks associated with diabetes.  This sort of research will also help them get used to what's going on with diabetes, and what to do about it. How do we get the community involved in finding and supporting more family members? The community is very involved in making diabetes care centers work.  You have to be very dedicated to your work and the community, but you will get there eventually.   A lot of the community support comes from donations, but the community is also supportive of the local center.   The local community leaders also do a lot to help out--not only by donating equipment, but often having their patients visit their doctors in the medical center for their initial checkup, to try to better understand the illness; and to learn what the center sees--this lets the community leaders know what is happening in their community.   This is not something you do by yourself--you will be amazed how many support networks there are to help you get things going.   Find and find these people. What type of person have problems with blood sugars? The main thing is