PROMPT:

History of Present Illness The patient presents with a fever and shortness of breath associated with community acquired pneumonia

RESPONSE:

  despite antimicrobial therapy. Laboratory findings include chills and fever, neutropenia, neutropenic white blood cells, elevated liver enzymes, and elevated serum creatine kinase. This is the diagnosis of the early post-streptococcal syndrome. An erythematous reaction is frequently observed to the wound. Early post-streptococcal serum sickness syndrome (EPSS) can cause a variety of clinical signs and symptoms including fever, fatigue, and pain in extremities. Antibiotic therapy is discontinued. At the time of diagnosis, this patient has no evidence of a recent recent exposure to the organism, and laboratory findings support the diagnosis of a recent recent exposure to S. aureus. Because of the nature of this case, the patient began antibiotic therapy. During the patient's initial course of antibiotic therapy, the patient developed a fever and chills. On further investigation, the patient developed a rash with erythematous changes to the skin but did not appear to have any evidence of infection or wound trauma. On the second day, the rash appeared to be more extensive and the patient developed a higher fever. On subsequent days, the patient's condition worsened with a fever and chills and a change in skin color: a yellowish appearance was noted to the extremities. On this third day, the patient developed an erythematous rash to the lips, eyelids, and tongue, and also developed a decrease in muscle coordination leading to respiratory distress that may have been associated with bacterial pneumonia. A diagnosis of late post-streptococcal syndrome must be confirmed by laboratory studies.  Epidemiology  EPSS is common, but is not associated with any particular viral illness or disease. There are a number of factors that can impact the development of post-streptococcal skin disease. These factors include, but are not limited to:  Molecular characteristics of S. aureus in a single individual.  Molecular characteristics of S. aureus in the community in which the patient resides.  Presence of S. aureus in other patients without skin or blood involvement in an outbreak.  Molecular characteristics of S. aureus in the environment.  Molecular characteristics of S. aureus in a community in which the patient resides.  Presence of S. aureus in another hospital in which the person has been admitted.  Presence of S. aureus