PROMPT:

Past Medical History The patient is a 57 y.o. male presenting with chest pain and shortness of breath

RESPONSE:

  after ingesting 7 eggs in a 7-day period.  Case Report The patient, a 57-y-old, Asian American male, first presented for chest pain 3 days prior with a pain in the right lower region lasting 20-30 minutes. He was instructed to take ibuprofen for the pain followed 4 hours later with 1 pill of egg white oat porridge. As he ate 3 more eggs the symptoms resolved but they remained persistent. His pain in the right lower chest area also returned on day 4 and he was able to drink an 8-ounce glass of tomato juice without discomfort. He continued to develop pain with each egg consumed. No other chest pain or dyspnea was noted prior to ingesting or after finishing the eggs. His previous medical history included acute chest pain in 2001, acute congestive heart failure in 2013, and bronchitis in 2005 (see Table 3, below).  A urine culture performed on day 1 was negative. On day 2, he started taking a 500 mg daily dose of morphine and 800 mg of fentanyl-1,5-dinitro-propoxyphene. He did 3 chest pain medications with the same combination of meds including a 250 mg benzodiazepine 3 hrs prior to ingesting 1 egg. He remained symptom-free during his symptoms until day 6 when he experienced shortness of breath. He was able to inhale as much air as possible with each breath and to remain conscious during his shortness of breath. He was able to take 1 breath of air in a labored fashion. His pulmonary artery catheter was successfully accessed with the help of a non-rebreatheer oxygen system. He remained symptom free for 2 days after that until he developed chest pain again on day 8. This time without respiration.  Pulmonary Resuscitation The patient was placed on a continuous respiratory facility on day 7. His oxygen saturation was 98% on room air at that time with a normal blood chemistry except for blood osmolality of 98mm Hg and a systolic blood pressure of 117 mm Hg when sitting up. On the eighth day, his blood osmolality was 113mm Hg and his blood pressure was 134/90 mm. The patient was able to breathe on his own. On day 10, he was placed on a ventilator. During the next 6 days on a ventilator, he was kept on the medications, with slight improvement. His pulmonary artery catheter was successfully accessed with