PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  She suffered a mild transient ischemia attack although was discharged from the ED with family to home.

RESPONSE:

  Subsequently, she experienced moderate transient ischemia after returning home from the hospital. The patient was placed on antibiotics, a 5/4 day course of prednisone and aspirin (10 /400 mg) with oral prednisone 100 mg daily. The duration of ischemic stroke was 14 hours post-concussive injury. Subsequently, the patient recovered spontaneously. She was discharged in the evening after 7 days of aggressive antibiotics, prednisone and aspirin with oral prednisone 100 mg daily.  Outcome: No treatment related adverse events occurred. Neurologic examination showed no significant lesions.  Comments: A brief episode of transient ischemia was considered a positive finding even though neurologic examination showed no significant lesions. These findings would also be negative without this technique.  Dosage and Administration  Oral and IM injections  Oral (100-200 mg) injections for 2-4 days  IM injections  Induction of hypotension via intravenous fluid resuscitation  IM in conjunction with intravenous fluids for an additional 4-6 hours (for a total of 4-6 hours)  IM in combination with intravenous fluid resuscitation to prevent prolonged ischemia/hypoperfusion.  Immediate infusion of a prophylactically (preferably beta-blocker)  If necessary, an oral bolus of a beta-blocker would need to be administered immediately.  Oral and IM injections  Oral (100-200 mg) injections for 2-4 days  IM injections  A dose should be calculated to prevent precipitation, since the serum sodium concentrations vary considerably between individual persons.  IM in conjunction with intravenous fluids for an additional 4-6 hours (for a total of 4-6 hours)  IM in combination with IVR for 2-3 hours  Immediate infusion of a beta-blocker would need to be administered immediately.  IM in conjunction with intravenous fluids for an additional 4-6 hours (for a total of 4-6 hours)  IM in combination with intravenous fluids to avoid prolonged ischemia.  Outcome: Mild transient cerebral ischemia developed without treatment. There was no further neurological deterioration despite prolonged intravenous fluids and the use of a beta-blocker. Two weeks post-concussive injury this patient had fully recovered with no major neurologic deficits.  Conclusions: This