PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL Seen and examined. Pain controlled. Tolerating diet. Feeling well. 

RESPONSE:

 ********  I see and am able to make out the outlines of the object, although a very faint one at this distance.  When the object is near enough to the eye it becomes more vivid.  I have frequently seen the object surrounded by a brilliant light; this was a white glare, like that produced by the glare of lightning. This phenomenon was always produced by a flash from some concealed source and never at a distance of more than 2 ft., when the object being seen at some distance from the eye appears white and opaque.  The phenomenon continues for about 15 minutes, though I have never found one that was more than 3 feet away.  When I am within 1/4 mile of the object I have always a definite impression that it is not white and it is not opaque, but that I am looking through the eye opening.  When I stand at certain positions of elevation, as by a tree, and face the direction I find the object to be moving, I always get a distinct impression that it is something tangible, either a man or a horse.  I have never seen one that was in silhouette, but have often seen one at very considerable distances that I perceived to be silhouetted by some object within the object; these were of the largest size.  One of the most exciting events I have ever witnessed was one which took place at the end of an expedition in California. In the night the party came to a fork in the trail of an Indian village. They proceeded to an observation post of some importance in the distance. The Indians had seen them but did not venture close to them, because of the difficulty of getting back to the village before the dawn; but one of the party saw a figure creeping silently from the north to the south side of the trail from which the sun was rising. He followed this figure a mile or so, and found it to be a man and a horse, both motionless but standing at full length in the trail. This man was in excellent health, and his horse in excellent condition, with all its saddles and furniture. The party gave him a great reception and gave him some money but he refused all presents, except a few beads which the women gave him for his horse.  When the sun came up and set, the Indian who had seen the figure had seen two men come through the woods behind it, and there see the same figure moving silently through the woods, but seeing little of nothing except shadows.  The object was