PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

RESPONSE:

  that are less than 24 hours after exposure. REPRODUCTIVE Hormone Tests A diagnosis of acute allergic rhinitis may be made based on the history and the appearance of the signs and symptoms: red, scratchy, watery eyes; runny nose and sinus congestion and runny eyelids. If the history is positive, the doctor may order further tests. Blood Tests  Bile salts are produced by the cells of the liver after food and drink have been digested. These are the chemicals that are thought to be the cause of allergic rhinitis. Bile salts are also produced by the pancreas in response to foods. These test are done routinely when the patient comes in for a physical exam. Pancreatic Exams  Some patients may be identified with pancreas disease; they have the symptoms of celiac disease, an autoimmune disorder that attacks the intestinal lining and causes damage to the small intestine. These patients cannot eat gluten. Diagnostic Tests  The skin tests are the only tests that can reliably determine whether the patient has an allergy to gluten. In addition to confirming that the patient's symptoms are caused by a food allergy, these tests can also evaluate blood groups and immune system activity. In addition to the allergic rhinitis test, there are several other laboratory tests available that can be done quickly in the doctors office. These tests look for common proteins found in the body called allergens that have the ability to trigger the allergic response. Other Laboratory Tests  Allergies can also be identified by: Immunopharmacology – This test looks at immune system activity in response to specific allergens.  This test looks at immune system activity in response to specific allergens. Immunobiology – This test looks for certain proteins that can produce the immune response (such as IgE).  This test looks for certain proteins that can produce the immune response (such as IgE). In the emergency room, the doctors will conduct a full blood count, laboratory tests, and skin test. In addition, they will use more simple allergy tests (such as the skin test) for the first 24 hours – the patient will be admitted if the results are negative. The doctor will also repeat the tests if they show that the patient has been allergic to anything. If the patient has an abnormal result in the skin test due to a food allergy, the doctors will try the test again but will monitor the severity of the allergic reaction through a series of medication such as a drug called prednisone.