PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Patient should follow up within 2 days and continue medications as prescribed

RESPONSE:

   Opiates and Benzodiazepines: Patient may only see the doctor/practitioner who prescribed them unless the patient is unable to reach someone, in which case the doctor may decide to prescribe inpatient rehab. (See: "Dissociative Hallucinations and Inpatient Rehab," below)  Opiate Injection: Patient may receive an injection of opioid medication as needed; this is often combined with Injections of a narcotic other than methadone.  Opiate Maintenance Prescription (OMP): The patient can continue using opiates in an outpatient setting as needed.  Opiates and Benzodiazepines  Pregnant and Lactating Patients  Pregnant and lactating women are advised not to combine opiates with benzodiazepines and other medications because of the potential for premature birth. Pregnant patients are also advised to contact their physician immediately with any questions or changes in their medications and to seek medical attention for possible benzodiazepine exposure prior to becoming pregnant.  Pregnant and Lactating Women  Benzodiazepines and other medications should not be taken simultaneously with any opiate medication.  Pregnant and Lactating Women should contact their physician immediately if they have any of the following symptoms during their pregnancy or lactation: agitation; anxiety; hyperthermia or fever; nausea or vomiting; sweating; tremor or muscle spasms; trouble breathing; nausea or vomiting; seizures; unusual behavior or mental status changes that may indicate a seizure disorder; nausea; vomiting; loss of appetite and weight loss.  Women with a history of drug or alcohol misuse, those at significant risk of drug or alcohol abuse, and women who are breastfeeding should discontinue use and contact their physician immediately.  Pregnant women, nursing mothers, and women who have recently given birth should not take buprenorphine. Women who are breastfeeding should discuss the risks and benefits of taking buprenorphine with their doctor.  Pediatric Patients  Children under 8 years of age should not take buprenorphine. Children 8 years and older and those with underlying medical conditions such as psychiatric or neurologic disorders should not take buprenorphine (See Section C.D.).  Psychiatric Patients  Buprenorphine may present increased risk of abuse or dependence.  When buprenorphine is used for long-term treatment of opioid dependence or treatment of substance