PROMPT:

Assessment: The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis.

RESPONSE:

  Physical examination, diagnostic imaging such as X-ray, MRI, ultrasound, and laboratory studies are normal. The patient is prescribed an anti-inflammatory medication and prescribed a short rest interval of 3 to 6 weeks. After the 4- and 8-week rest intervals, the patient is instructed to resume exercise. The patient returns to the surgeon for evaluation and a biopsy is performed for right femoral tunnel syndrome and calcified synovitis. The biopsy reveals calcified synovitis and calcified tunnel margins with degenerative changes. The patient is placed on a conservative management program which consists of a high-protein diet and anti-inflammatory medications.  Management: After 4-6 weeks rest the patient resumes physical therapy and exercises. The patient responds well to a diet that is low in protein to prevent further bone deterioration. It takes approximately 1 year for the patient to develop complete joint range of motion recovery and return to sport.  Case 4: Male, 33 years old, with no history of past knee or hip surgical repair  Discussion: The patient has undergone a knee arthroplasty two days prior to his admission to the hospital for follow up. The patient has experienced worsening pain and symptoms over the past four weeks and currently has a pain threshold of 95 +/- 20 mmHg with acute and chronic pain associated with radiating low-back pain and fatigue. The patient has been taking a daily low dose of aspirin and pain medications. Physical examination, diagnostic imaging studies (MRI and CT scan), physical therapy, and laboratory tests are normal. The patient's family and personal physician are unaware to the patient's knee pain.  Physical examination: The knee of the patient is found to be moderately tender following arthroplasty surgery and no evidence of synovitis is found. The patient is treated with an anti-inflammatory medication and prescribed a daily low-protein diet. The patient starts taking two days before exercise to reduce pain and symptoms. The patient is placed in a conservative treatment program that consists of a diet to decrease protein and a limited exercise programme.  Management: After 4 weeks, the patient resumes exercise and the patient begins to experience complete joint range of motion recovery and return to sport.  Case 5: Male, 20 years of age with no history of past knee or hip surgical repair  Discussion: The patient has had a hip arthroplasty two days prior to his admission to the hospital for follow up. The patient has experienced worsening pain and symptoms over the past week and currently has a pain threshold