PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION 25 y/o F presents to the ED with R knee pain and bilateral ankle pain following a fall. Pt states she fell down x2 steps onto cement. States she twisted her ankles and R knee.

RESPONSE:

  X-rays clear. No fracture. The knee pains persisted for 2 months and were treated with physical therapy and TKE. Exam revealed a 2.0 GAL during walking on level ground with a 0.4 GAL on stair with no history of chronic leg pain. Ankle is stable, but not straight despite TKE. Knee pain is present as of 2 months following a TKE. PATIENT'S ANSWER:  It is very important you have your physician check your leg length accurately. Ask your physician about the pain in the backside (lateral malleolus) and ask to inspect the bones behind the ankle bones. When you have checked this, you notice the right knee is twisted in, like a "V." The leg pain (in the backside) should be gone by now. Be sure and ask about a possible fracture (the only fracture we can see) or ligamentous damage. If the leg pain is getting worse, it is your responsibility to seek the care of a physician by calling your local medical clinic at any time.  H&P EXAMINATION 26 y/o F presents to ED with back pain and swelling following a trip to the grocery store, resulting in a 4,500 foot increase in elevation/descent from the 8,000 foot elevation at home.  Patient states she has had pain in her lower back since she was 25 years of age. At age 39, it was reduced with PT and continued to improve until about two weeks ago when she developed chronic low back pain. (She was able to perform physical therapy, and is not currently suffering from low back pain) Patient states she has worked for 30+ years and has no health or work injury. (She was able to perform PT and was able to go for a three-month leave from work) Patient states she is on medication and has had the same pain for two years prior to seeing a physician.  At physical examination, leg pain was noted in the upper leg, as well as pain along the left side of her chest.  At E&D, examination revealed a normal right foot, right heel, and a 7.5 inch circumference, normal width left heel (with a 5.5 inch circumference). The lateral malleolus of the foot was visible through the foot bed and the toe nail of her right foot was swollen and red (pinkish). The medial aspect of the foot (where she wore her shoe) was normal and there