PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

RESPONSE:

  only.  If possible, use with a physician on the same plan.  Continue treatment as directed regardless of the above medications. For more information about a cardiac medications regimen for a heart transplant, see Transfusion Medicine.  Cardiovascular Disease  Assessment / Plan: Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications only.  If possible, use with a physician on the same plan.  Continue treatment as directed regardless of the above medications. For more information about a cardiac medications regimen for a heart transplant, see Transfusion Medicine.  Cardiomyopathies  Assessment / Plan: Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications only.  If possible, use with a physician on the same plan.  Continue treatment as directed regardless of the above medications. For more information about a cardiac medications regimen for a heart transplant, see Transfusion Medicine.  Diabetes  Assessment / Plan: Refer to doctor for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications only.  If possible, use with a physician on the same plan.  Continue treatment as directed regardless of the above medications. For more information about a cardiac medications regimen for a heart transplant, see Transfusion Medicine.  Digestive System  Assessment / Plan: Refer to doctor for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications only.  If possible, use with a physician on the same plan.  Continue treatment as directed regardless of the above medications. For more information about a cardiac medications regimen for a heart transplant, see Transfusion Medicine.  Diabetic Nephropathy  Fluid Retention / Urgency  Assessment / Plan: Refer to doctor for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications only.  If possible, use with a physician on the same plan.  Continue treatment as directed regardless of the above medications. For more information about a cardiac medications regimen for a heart transplant, see Transfusion Medicine.  Gastrointestinal and Renal Conditions  Assessment / Plan: Refer to doctor for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications only.  If possible, use with a physician on the same plan.  Continue treatment as directed regardless of the above medications. For more information about a cardiac medications regimen for a heart transplant, see Transfusion Medicine.  Gastrointestinal Diseases  Assessment / Plan: Refer to doctor for additional monitoring. Continue on current