PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Patient will be discharged to home from ED with a 7-day course of antiobotics to treat an acute urinary tract infection

RESPONSE:

  due to chronic prostatitis. If there is evidence of a urinary tract infection, an exploratory diagnostic procedure is recommended, including the following:  • Ultrasonography: This is the earliest imaging modality to be performed because of the presence of bacteria, particularly those that can grow on ultrasonic film. CT and MRI are also common at this time for further imaging of the kidneys and bladder; however, most patients do not require these imaging modalities for the purpose of obtaining imaging for treatment and diagnosis.  • Urine culture: This test is typically performed at this time to provide an early objective diagnosis of bacterial urethritis in patients at risk for this infection. A urine culture is a very rapid, objective test of urethritis, which is useful as an adjunct to diagnostic and therapeutic interventions.  • Urine culture: This test is typically performed at this time to provide an early objective diagnosis of bacterial urethritis in patients at risk for this infection. A urine culture is a very rapid, objective test of urethritis, which is useful as an adjunct to diagnostic and therapeutic interventions.  Treatment Planning: Because antibiotics are often not enough, a comprehensive patient-centered treatment plan includes treatment of the underlying infection; assessment of the clinical signs and symptoms; management of the underlying disease (which may include surgery if necessary); and ongoing monitoring to monitor the patient for complications. Medication can be adjusted to control symptoms and address disease exacerbations associated with uremia or hyperuricemia. For example, a decrease in serum creatinine levels can be achieved via the administration of antibiotics, and a decrease in body weight to accommodate a fluid reservoir can be achieved by the administration of an oral antacid (such as a sulfamethoxazole or bismuth cations, or furosemide) or a fluid resuscitation.  Patients with acute UTI and or end-stage renal disease require special care and are often placed on dialysis.  Patients with acute UTI and or end-stage renal disease require special care and are often placed on dialysis. The frequency of complications from bladder infections, including end-stage renal disease is low, and these complications usually resolve in 4-6 weeks. However, they remain a possibility in patients at risk. For more information and to discuss your options, contact your physician. As always, please contact the Patient Information and Liaison Service at 215-664-4515 if you need immediate care.  Additional Resources