PROMPT:

Past Medical History Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

RESPONSE:

   Dental history Tooth structure is perfect, but crown needs adjustment or replacement  Physical Exam Chest xray is normal; no other abnormalities on chest or abdomen  Blood pressure and heart rate are normal  No history of stroke in the family   A Note on Risk Factors  Your risk of experiencing a stroke begins when you have a stroke, but you can reduce your risk of stroke by following an anti-dementia program. According to the National Stroke Association, if you're at high risk of a first stroke, you should be screened, referred and monitored if you develop a stroke.  In general, the more you can help prevent strokes and dementia, the lower your risk overall. If you have any of the following risk factors, you're considered to be at high risk for a possible stroke:  Being very young  Using alcohol, or smoking  Smoking More than one pack of cigarettes per day  Not eating well or exercising often  Exercising very vigorously  Drinking more than two bottles of wine or four beers a week  Being overweight  Being mentally or physically disabled  Your doctor may also want you to perform blood tests and examine your blood vessels and heart. The risk increases if any of these risk factors persist or worsens. You may be considered at higher risk for having a stroke or dementia by having a family history of stroke or dementia.  If you're at risk for having a stroke or dementia, you may be referred for a stroke evaluation for more information or for a general checkup to find out about your overall health.  How Are Stroke and Dementia Diagnosed?  If a physician believes a stroke or other type of dementia is a possibility, he or she consults a neurologist, who will conduct a thorough neurological exam. Based on your symptoms, brain scans may reveal signs that you may have a stroke or Alzheimer's disease, such as loss of sight, numbness or problems with speech, cognitive function or balance. Your doctor may also order other tests, such as a blood test and an EKG.  Because stroke and dementia are both serious diseases, the primary goal of the medical treatment is to provide you with the best possible care. The most common method for diagnosing a stroke is an EKG.  The risk factors a neurologist can look at include:  A history of diabetes  If you have diabetes, your level of blood sugar might raise or lower