PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making: Pt is a uncontrolled type 2 diabetic with stage 3 chronic kidney disease. A nephrology consult and continued management of hypertension 

RESPONSE:

  have been tried unsuccessfully for 2 years. He underwent the standard hemodialysis regimen (with the use of the new blood pressure medication metoprolol), with minimal improvements.  His wife did not want him on insulin or metoprolol. She wanted a liver transplant, and wanted to move him from our rural town in Virginia to an urban setting. The transplant center accepted his application, but he didn't fit the criteria for a liver donor (liver transplants can be successful with only 1% of the population). After hearing of this, he began reading some articles about alternative liver transplantation that we could apply here in Iowa. The author was a fellow of the Iowa Medical Society and his article was published in The  Journal of the Association of Transplant Surgeons . He described this procedure.  He recommended  not  accepting blood pressure medications or doing dialysis, saying their benefits are small (and they can cause serious side effects). He suggested instead he give patients 1-2 weeks of intermittent therapy with high doses of niacin and vitamin C. No blood pressure or kidney drugs. There have been many clinical trials of high blood pressure and kidney transplantation, the most impressive and well-studied of which is the JDRF  (Johnson Recombinant DNA Technology for Kidney Failure) trial. But this is not my specialty so I could not cite it here. Other organs can be transplanted including liver, pancreas, and a kidney. It has been estimated that about 1 in every 5 people who die of heart disease has a prior kidney transplant (if not a liver transplant) and 1 in every 6 people who die of kidney disease has a prior liver transplant. If we are going to transplant any organ, the priority should be to help patients who aren't sure whether they will be able to live without the organ for a while. Transplantation is difficult for many, especially with the complexity of multiple organ systems. The sooner we can move people with severe illnesses from the ER to the operating room, the more time we have to get to the critical questions when it comes to organ donation.