PROMPT:

HPI This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

RESPONSE:

  in 2010 with no treatment plan and the following was discussed by the nephrologists: (i) What was the diagnosis? Who is he? (ii) What has happened to him? Is it a complication of his renal function? How long has it been affecting him? Is it the new normal or is it still a problem? (iii) What is the cause? Can we control the underlying cause and should we treat the pt further? Should the nephrologist advise the pt in the future to monitor his urine ketone levels or to control his diabetes medication? (iv) What else can you do to prevent/treat the pt? (v) If the nephrologist has advised the pt to monitor his urine ketone levels could he do this for 10 months to reduce the impact of diabetic ketoacidosis on his renal function? If so, what type of screening and monitoring would he use?  Treatment  Management of PN is aimed at control of hypoglycemia (both hypoglycemia associated with hypo-o-metabolism/insipidosis as well as hypoglycemia resulting from metabolic disturbances) and to improve overall glycemic control [11]. Management is a collaborative approach involving the team of the patient, nephrologists and the clinician with appropriate training to optimise health outcomes.  Management of PN should focus on the following:  Monitoring of urine ketone levels in patients with PKU  Preserving/treating ketogenesis under hypocalcification (see below)  Preserving/treating plasma glucose and nonesterified fatty acids in patients with PKU  Preserving/treating cholesterol, free fatty acids and serum urea and uric acid in non-PKU patients with PKU (with or without fasting glucose).  Treating ketosis. This should be aimed at managing the ketose/ketotic state and preventing the onset of diabetes-induced polydipsia and diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). See below.  Managing glycemic control: This should take into account a patient's insulin requirements, the clinical response to insulin administration, the management of hyperglycemia and the risk of developing DKA. An important and often neglected step in managing diabetes management is to ensure that all patients with PKU are achieving optimal glycemic control (including adequate maintenance insulin) to avoid the need for diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). This may help