PROMPT:

Pertinent Clinical Presentation  The patient presents with a fever and shortness of breath associated with community acquired pneumonia

RESPONSE:

  and upper respiratory tract infection. History of immunosuppression, systemic corticosteroids, anti-TNF therapy, or systemic corticosteroids at any point in time does not preclude progression to disseminated disease or to SIE. The pathogenesis of severe septicemia in patients on corticosteroids remains unclear. The pathogenesis of severe septicemia in immunocompromised patients remains unclear. The pathogenesis of severe septicemia in patients on immunosuppressive therapy remains unclear. A recent randomized, controlled trial (NCT01474436) conducted in 15 patients with moderate to severe sepsis found that corticosteroids and corticosteroid antagonists prevented SIE. [12] An article by Bazzett et al describes the incidence of disseminated neutropenia as a result of chronic immunosuppressive therapy, the risk of death, and its relationship to corticosteroids and immunosuppressive therapy. [13]  Management Recommendations in Patients Severe septicemia: Corticosteroids: No evidence exists to support routine treatment of immunosuppressive therapy with corticosteroids. However, if immunosuppressive therapy is not successful and the patient is at risk for complications in response to a secondary infection, corticosteroids may be used. C. trachomatis: Evidence that ciprofloxacin is effective as a posttreatment anti-infective agent has not been demonstrated. [14] The antimicrobial properties of this agent suggest that ciprofloxacin, when used as a post-treatment agent, can also be used as a prevention agent. [15, 16] Evidence concerning the impact of post-treatment use of ciprofloxacin as a prophylaxis with or without concurrent therapy has not been demonstrated. [17] Systemic corticosteroids: Corticosteroids may be started before treatment with C. trachomatis is identified or before antimicrobial therapy is initiated. A dose based on the patient's age, weight, and gender is recommended when using corticosteroids for the prevention or treatment of sepsis. A dose based on other parameters of immune system function is recommended only when antimicrobial treatment starts in patients with severe sepsis or when antimicrobial therapy is not effective. As a preventative agent, corticosteroids should not be used unless the patient is at high risk for infection. The risk of immunosuppression outweigh