PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE 25 y/o F presents to the ED with R knee pain and bilateral ankle pain following a fall. Pt states she fell down x2 steps onto cement. States she twisted her ankles and R knee.

RESPONSE:

  She did not see or hear an audible noise. The patient is now attempting to walk on both legs. She states she has been walking at this point for 24 hours and her leg is in a lot of pain. She does not want treatment for her ankle due to the severe pain, but is concerned there might be damage and she may need surgery. The patient states she does not remember the fall, but she remembers lying down and feeling cold. This patient requires an MRI. Physical examination in progress and history taken. Examination of posterior cruciate ligament. F is described as 5'5" and 180 lbs. She is described as having a slight facial hair. She was wearing a black jacket with black pants while at the hospital. F is crying, but states she does not remember the fall. MRI in progress with contrast material to view soft tissue injuries. Exam of right knee showing injury to the medial meniscus. Left knee, 2 cm hyperextended. 2 cm of lateral collateral ligament. Note the deep swelling (indicative of ligament tears). MRI in progress with contrast material to view soft tissue injuries. Left knee 2 cm hyperextended. Left lateral collateral ligament is intact. Note the deep swelling (indicative of ligament tears). Examination of right leg demonstrating soft tissue injury to MCL. Note the small fracture to MCL. Note the deep swelling (indicative of ligament tears). Note the femoral head is in a posterior projection.  Discussion The literature does not specifically address the need for MRI and often includes a lot of anecdotal case reports rather than a strong case control study. However, some of the studies that have addressed this issue have used different criteria for the definition of MRI and have been more focused on the findings and not the patient assessment.1 The literature and case description presented above are consistent with the definition of MRI in the International Classification of Disease 11th revision.2 In the ICD-11 there is a special focus on specific findings in patients showing clinical abnormalities of the knee as well as an objective evidence of ACL injury and is not limited to only acute injury such as the one described herein. Most of the studies were retrospective, and included patients diagnosed with a variety of conditions, not limited to ACL tears. As stated in previous reports by this author,3–4 patients with acute injury to the ACL should be referred to an orthopedic specialist before the conclusion of any MRI examination.2,5–7 MRI performed in this patient is unlikely to have any additional benefit