PROMPT:

Past Medical History The patient presents for a well-child visit with no complaints. The patient is due for vaccine administration and regular checkup of physical and mental development

RESPONSE:

  and is currently taking daily routine vitamin and mineral supplements.  A thorough history is collected along with a physical examination.  All history is reviewed with the patient's caregiver who notes no specific history of seizures or other neurologic concerns.  A medical history is obtained from the caregiver which includes information regarding the patient's family and current and past medical history. Information available regarding the patient is listed here: https://www.who.int/disorders/diseases/epilepsy_disease/patients/vax/en/  Physical examination consists of:  1. Height and weight are measured, and body mass index is calculated according to body weight and height2. Body mass index (BMI) of 25 to 29.99 indicates normal weight  2. The following detailed neurological examination is performed as follows:  1. Electroencephalography (EEG) is performed  2. Reflexes; echolocality is assessed with electroencephalography (EEG) and the electro-oculogram (EOG) and muscle tone is assessed using electromyography, muscle reflexes, and motor axial reflexes3-5  3. Laboratory tests performed in this protocol are:  5. Other investigations performed in this protocol include:  a) Complete blood count; a high level of red blood cells (250 to 500 red cells/ml) is indicated due to a diagnosis of thrombocytopenia a;  b) Uric acid levels are normal (0.5 µM)  c) The patient is clinically stable; does not have anemia (≥1.7 g/dl) or vitamin B-12 deficiency  d) Urine is alkaline (pH 6.5 to 7.5) with no protein or proteinuria  e) The thyroid hormone levels are between the minimum and maximum levels of the reference ranges  f) An electrocardiogram is normal (CVI <130 v/s) without any abnormalities detected  g) The patient is clinically stable; is in good health (no significant impairment to physical, mental, or emotional development); and is having no contraindications for vaccination  h) The patient has no acute medical conditions that interfere with immunization or immunization procedure  4. All of the routine vaccinations are administered according to the manufacturer's instructions.  5. The patient has a full