PROMPT:

History of Present Illness Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

RESPONSE:

  which gradually gets worse Over the last few years there have been reports of patients experiencing allergic rhinitis which becomes severe and life-threatening, but the only thing I am aware of is a person who died because the disease was caught early. The most common side effects from antihistamines include itching, nasal congestion, nasal discharge, dry and itchy eyes, sneezing, wheezing, rhinitis and headache. But when someone tells you that antihistamines are effective for treating allergy, I think you have to take a closer look. In the past, in the early 1900s, antihistamines were used extensively to treat hay fever and allergies. But over the years, antihistamines have found other uses. They have been used off-label in treating various other illnesses including depression. The most commonly reported side effects of antihistamines are headache, dry eyes, sneezing, headache, nasal congestion, nasal secretion, nasal discharge, swelling, sneezing and swollen joints. For patients, antihistamines are very effective when used under the directions of a practicing allergist. And for those patients who get allergic rhinitis because of a hay fever allergy, the most common side effect with antihistamines is itching of the eyes, nose and cheeks. Many people have a variety of symptoms caused by allergy in their nose. Sometimes, allergy causes nasal congestion as well as congestion of the nasal passages. In many of these cases, nasal swelling can be a symptom of allergy. When a hay fever allergy develops, there is usually a thick, white and yellow discharge from a swollen nasal passage. The symptoms of sneezing, nasal discharge, sinusitis and allergic rhinitis can be more severe when the nasal passage is swollen. A physician will assess nasal congestion and swollen nasal passages for allergy. If the swelling worsens, a visit to the ENT expert will be necessary. If a swelling in the nose persists over time, a CT scan can be done to determine the type of swelling. CT images taken with a magnifier can clearly reveal the presence of allergic rhinitis. This is a common treatment for many patients with allergies. CT scans are useful in diagnosing allergic rhinitis. An allergic rhinitis specialist can use these scans to determine the severity of the swelling. With the assistance of the expert in the allergy practice, a treatment plan can be set up. The specialist will review all the symptoms and treat the allergic rhinitis patient according to the doctor's expertise. The treatment plan will depend on