PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist

RESPONSE:

  to identify the underlying reason for the obstructive disease.  In addition to the above, the patient does not have a significant family history of obstructive lung disease.  The recommended treatment strategy is two drugs (fluoxetine or mirtazapine) and surgery. Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease not responding to these medications may continue with a combination of steroids and inhaled medication (chemotherapy) for up to one year. A combination of inhaled corticosteroids and inhaled immunoglobulins is recommended for the treatment of patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION  It has now been discovered that inhaled corticosteroids (cymbalta) and inhaled immunoplasmapheresis (methotrexate) provide a new approach to treatment of patients who have previously had a positive test for an abnormal blood test.  Corticosteroids reduce the production of interleukin-1 (IL-1) in the lungs of those who have lung diseases; in response, lung injury from such illnesses may cease. This strategy has proven effective in treating asthma and pulmonary fibrosis in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), lung disease due to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, as well as those with a history of such diseases who are otherwise not responding to the above medications (cymbalta and mirtazapine) and/or the treatment of lung disease.  The use of inhaled corticosteroids is now widely used to treat patients who are receiving the above medications (cymbalta and mirtazapine), and patients with a chronic disease that has previously responded to the above treatments but failed to respond to one or both of the two drugs (cymbalta and mirtazapine) may now be treated with this approach.  In addition to an improved immune response that may improve healing after surgery, inhaled corticosteroids and inhaled immunoglobulin injections (immunoglobulins) have become an important treatment with the treatment of HIV infection.  This invention is important to improving the quality of life for those with COPD. Those using chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), those with COPD complications, those with COPD complications and those with a history of such conditions who are currently on a medication that has a significant risk of causing lung injury (such as cymbalta