PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Pt will be discharged from the hospital today with a supply of home oxygen and 

RESPONSE:

 erythromycin.  As we discussed earlier, there are two different forms of this condition – "primary", in which the symptoms start before birth, and "secondary", where they begin after birth.  In many cases, the "primary" syndrome ends in a baby being born dead. But in other cases, this "second stage" of MDM may not be so obvious, and in this case there may be hope for a healthy baby.  If you suspect this is the case, you have two basic options to consider.  Your baby requires surgery immediately  Option 1: An immediate surgery procedure is performed which is then followed by a prolonged period in the hospital. Usually this happens only if there is a significant defect in the baby, or the situation looks much worse and there is a chance of success.  After this procedure, your baby's condition improves and he or she is able to live a normal life. This surgical approach may be the only solution for an uncomplicated MRM or MRM/MLM case.  This option may work for you or if you are thinking about making the decision:  You would be willing to live with the risk of surgery, but not for any longer than needed.  You would agree that you will follow this procedure for at least 3-4 months.  Your baby might not need surgery  Option 2: An immediate surgical procedure is performed and your baby's condition improves without complications or complications resulting from a prolonged stay in the hospital.  After surgery, your baby might be discharged today, or could be discharged by a hospital in a few days. If this is the case, you would be able to take your baby home as soon as he or she is able.  If an immediate surgical procedure does not improve your baby's condition after surgery, an outpatient surgical procedure may be recommended  If both procedures don't help, or if you have concerns about the outcome, there are many options to consider.  Your baby requires additional testing  Option 3: Another type of assessment may be performed. It is important that any specialist in this diagnosis and treatment area is consulted as soon as you start having some of the symptoms.  A review of your ultrasound results may be indicated. This may include:  An echocardiogram to evaluate for any heart condition  An echocardiogram to compare the anatomy of the heart with the shape and position of the ventricles or ventric