PROMPT:

HPI Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

RESPONSE:

 .  HPI: Acute Pharyngitis, Acute Rhinitis, Pouchitis  Vitamin A-Rich Foods  The liver converts vitamin A to retinol or retinaldehyde, a chemical used to make Vitamin A and its photoprotective and antioxidant effects. Retinol helps with red blood cell production and helps prevent macular degeneration. As a food antioxidant, vitamin A supports healthy skin. Healthy skin is the first place that an allergic rhinitis attack begins. Allergy experts agree that foods rich in vitamin A protect against allergy. The following foods are high in vitamin A.  Fruits  Banana – One hundred percent vitamin A.  Blueberries – 100 percent vitamin A.  Cantaloupe – 100 percent vitamin A.  Guava – 100 percent vitamin A.   Fats and Oils   Lard, Vegetable Oil, Grass-fed Butter, Oils   Vitamin D-Rich Foods & Supplements  Vitamin D regulates calcium absorption in the intestines. It is important for bone and blood health throughout life. Too much vitamin D can interfere with bone cell production.  Vitamin D is found naturally in many foods such as milk, fish, eggs, fortified milk, fortified cereal and certain fruits. When these foods are consumed naturally, sufficient vitamin D should be taken in order to maintain adequate calcium levels and prevent osteoporosis.  Some people take vitamin D in dietary supplements. A common brand of vitamin D supplement, called D3S, includes vitamin D in its ingredients. Taking vitamin D can be very safe and may prove beneficial when used as directed, but there is no scientific evidence that vitamin D supplements prevent autoimmune reactions.  Vitamin D is needed for healthy skin. Healthy skin is the first place that an allergic rhinitis attack begins. Allergy experts agree that foods rich in vitamin D protect against allergy. The following foods are high in vitamin D.  Meat, Fish, Eggs   Vitamin D-Rich Supplements  Vitamin D3 is found in several foods including milk, fortified milk, fortified cereal, milk from cows that have been grass-fed, eggs, fish, and some mushrooms. All of these foods contain vitamin D3. The supplement D3S also contains vitamin D3 in its ingredients. Taking vitamin D is relatively safe and may prove beneficial when used as directed, but there is no scientific evidence that vitamin