PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION This is a follow-up visit for diabetes management and for management of glucose control. The pt was previously referred to a nephrologist

RESPONSE:

  (Mr. J. M. Chae) for hematuria, but his experience with the disease was limited and he was unable to adjust the treatment plan on time. The pt's blood glucose control improved steadily, to a level that has now been maintained for several months. He was referred to a nutritionist for diet counselling and for advice regarding weight control.  DISCUSSION The case presented by the pt was an important one on several levels. He was an Asian-South Asian male, with his blood glucose level approaching or meeting the hypoglycaemic threshold. He was referred, because of the pt's apparent inability to control his blood sugar for long periods. This was a highly uncommon situation, and, without further evidence, was probably not relevant. A small percentage of diabetic patients (0.2 to 2%) fail to control their blood glucose well over the long term; we assume that this is unlikely to have caused this pt's blood glucose level to fall well below the hypoglycaemic threshold. Other examples in the literature are not reassuring. For example, an Australian study of 24,400 diabetic men showed that 10% of men developed type 2, but only 10% of those who had been treated with oral hypoglycaemic agents.2 Similarly, a Canadian study of 17,100 diabetic men found that 1% of patients with diabetes were refractory to oral hypoglycaemic therapy.3 These examples do not lend support to the view that some patients with diabetes are resistant to oral or parenteral hypoglycaemic therapy. Although it is not possible to determine this in a study like ours, there are a number of studies, which suggest that there is an overlap between type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. For example, as mentioned earlier, in the UK the proportion of type 2 diabetic patients who are refractory to insulin therapy is about 40%, but about 17% of type 1 diabetic patients are refractory.1 The prevalence of refractory type 1 diabetic status in our population, therefore, is likely to be quite high, and we do not have specific measures to assess refractory type 2 diabetes in South Asians. Further, it is unknown whether refractory type 1 diabetes results in more serious complications such as vascular complications. Other studies of patients with type 2 diabetes have demonstrated that refractory forms of the disease produce worse outcomes, including poorer cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality,4–7 and diabetes associated with retinopathy has a higher incidence of blindness, stroke,