PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  Routine discharge to nursing home is scheduled for this afternoon. Patient should continue with physical and occupationsl therapy to regain strength

RESPONSE:

 .  Postoperative Care:  Routine blood work.  Outcome: Discharged after 2 weeks; no further complications.  Outcome Measures: Normal physical and occupational status.  Results:   A single 1-mg capsule of Laminaria japonica leaf extract had no effect on bleeding or other complications during this procedure.   Discussion:  This study suggests another treatment option for hemorrhagic peptic ulcers that is more potent than the other available therapies. However, the number of patients in which the plant extract was successful is small (7-8 cases out 4,000 patients per year). Despite low incidence, the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, perhaps because the plant extract contains many other components besides L. japonica.  Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00142991  Introduction  Hemorrhagic acute ulcers (HAU) are a leading cause of illness in critically ill patients. The most common cause of HAU is bleeding. The vast, but poorly understood, number of components of the plant Laminaria japonica contribute to the anti-inflammatory effects.  Pharmacodynamics  1  Dosage  The capsule form is approximately 300 mg of capsules with a half-life of 2.5 hours.  Pharmacodynamics  In studies using rats, 1,2-dihydroxyflavone, its active metabolite, and the terpenoid linalool have been associated with an anti-inflammatory effect. In vitro studies indicate that the plant extract appears to have direct anti-oxidant efficacy. In a rat model that produces a variety of HAPE-induced complications, this compound also decreased tissue concentrations of inflammatory mediators. The extract also inhibited NF-κB and p38MAPK activity at low oral doses but decreased activity at high doses.  2-Ethyl-2-phenyl-ol (E2O) was the first-in-class human anti-inflammatory drug, with a potency of 500 mg/m2 body surface area of the blood. It is thought to have a direct anti-inflammatory action through modulation of STAT3 signalling.  Plant extracts also have been shown to inhibit vascular endothelial cell proliferation, which has been linked to anti-inflammatory effects. However, a recent study also demonstrates a possible contribution from antioxidant activity through inhibition of oxidative stress.  4  