PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): The patient was seen for a well visit with no major complaints. For seasonal allergies, continue on OTC medications and schedule her next visit with primary care

RESPONSE:

  physician. There are other types of "diseases" and other "symptoms" that can go with them (for example, irritable bowel syndrome or chronic ear infections). Those should be controlled and managed by the appropriate physician with the attention of a primary care physician. They should be addressed by a physician with a specialty perspective and appropriate support teams such as the allergy team, the respiratory team, nutritional counselor, etc.  The patient was seen for a well visit with no major complaints. For seasonal allergies, continue on OTC medications and schedule her next visit with primary care physician. There are other types of "diseases" and other "symptoms" that can go with them (for example, irritable bowel syndrome or chronic ear infections). Those should be controlled and managed by the appropriate physician with the attention of a primary care physician. They should be addressed by a physician with a specialty perspective and appropriate support teams such as the allergy team, the respiratory team, nutritional counselor, etc. Epinephrine use in the prehospital setting: Epinephrine (often referred to simply as 'Epi') is the most effective medication for intubation and is commonly used during an airway emergency. However, it is important to understand that many cases of accidental inhalation or aspiration during an airway emergency can result in the patient's life being saved. Even in the absence of immediate life-threatening complications (for example, aspiration or pulmonary edema without pneumothorax), the administration of epinephrine may offer the patient some measure of comfort. It is well recognized that epinephrine is a good choice for this role when the patient is alert, responsive, and ready for it. This article does not cover the use of epinephrine in the prehospital setting or with the use of rescue breathing. However, for those cases that do warrant the use of epinephrine, it is important to understand which conditions can predispose the patient to asthma and which conditions would necessitate the use of epinephrine.  Epinephrine (often referred to simply as 'Epi') is the most effective medication for intubation and is commonly used during an airway emergency. However, it is important to understand that many cases of accidental inhalation or aspiration during an airway emergency can result in the patient's life being saved. Even in the absence of immediate life-threatening complications (for example, aspiration or pulmonary edema without pneumothorax), the administration of epinephrine may offer the patient some measure of