PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: Patient is a 48 y.o. who presents after fainting earlier in the day with an irregularly irregular rhythm on ECG consistent with atrial fibrillation. 

RESPONSE:

  The physician believes the patient has a transient onset with no apparent cardiac abnormality, and that he may have left ventricular dysfunction secondary to coronary revascularization.  The patient was not a candidate for atrial fibrillation treatment.  In the current setting, the physician electively monitors for atrial fibrillation as he did in the current scenario.  He believes the patient has atrial fibrillation and is awaiting an emergency cardiac procedure.  He orders atrial fibrillation drugs. The patient goes into a left ventricular dilation (LVOD) during cardioversion of an atrial fibrillation patient.  The LVOD increases the LVADC and the LVADCs increase to a level where the patient's BP is increasing as is the LVADC.  The ECG is flatline during the cardioversion as the LVADCs start hyperpoles, which are normal in atrial fibrillation, the atria becoming dilated.  The doctor considers the LVADC hyperpoles, and sends the patient for a stress cath to correct it.   At about 8.30pm, 10 hours from initial presentation, the patient presents with a normal ECG, without diastole, sinus rhythm, and HR>90 bpm.  He returns home. This is an example of a patient's history. A history of LVADC dysfunction of at least 2 months. Possible left ventricular hyperpoles. Atrial fibrillation. Atrial fibrillation in atrial fibrillation patient with normal cardiac risk profile from past history. The doctor orders atrial fibrillation drugs and monitors for these episodes to alert the physician if the patient is at real risk. The patient is told to monitor for these episodes which may occur at any time during a typical day, but that may not always be apparent. At day 10 from this episode, the patient has an abnormal EKG showing the left ventricle has expanded and the LVADCs are increasing. No new arrhythmias have been detected, nor has the patient developed pre-tidal or precordial tachycardia.  The patient is informed of the risk, and receives a stress cath to correct those arrhythmias and atrial fibrillar development.   On day 11, the patient's ECG shows the atrial fibrillation has continued, but at a level