PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist

RESPONSE:

  at least annually.  Patients with a history of stroke or ischemic attack often undergo invasive cardiac CT scans or angiograms to diagnose the cause of the bleeding, but for the patient who has chronic obstructive disease, the CT scan results are useless as an initial indication of future bleed on a follow-up visit.  The patient has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and requires follow-up with a pulmonologist at least annually. The patient has a history of a stroke. The first signs of stroke are atrial fibrillation, or more commonly, a syncope or "drop". If the syncope occurs on a follow-up visit with the pulmonologist, then the patient will need to undergo a CT scan of the chest wall to see if the clot is contained within the aneurysm, or a small hemorrhage. This scan has a limited number of possible outcomes, from the heart being entirely removed to the patient going into ventricular fibrillation and dying in the process. Most patients, after having a CT scan, go on to have this scan at least yearly.  The first signs of stroke are atrial fibrillation, or more commonly, a syncope or "drop". If the syncope occurs on a follow-up visit with the pulmonologist, then the patient will need to undergo a CT scan of the chest wall to see if the clot is contained within the aneurysm, or a small hemorrhage. This scan has a limited number of possible outcomes, from the heart being entirely removed to the patient going into ventricular fibrillation and dying in the process. Most patients, after having a CT scan, go on to have this scan at least yearly. The patient has a history of ischemic heart disease. This can be any form of coronary disease, but can include angina, left main or long QT syndrome. The typical presentation that doctors and nurses are aware of is with the patient "getting sick" while being treated with medications to control it. When the medication is discontinued, the patient may be given a CT or ultrasound scan to diagnose the "disease" and to determine whether it needs to be treated surgically or if there is still a chance it can heal over time.