PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: She suffered a mild transient ischemia attack although was discharged from the ED with family to home.

RESPONSE:

  She did have a second transient stroke in 2013 when she was having her third child. She received an MRI with a CT angiogram in early 2013 for a subdural cyst and is now back to normal.  Presentation: Stroke of the inferior occipital white matter with a T12 lesion at a V3.0 to V5.5 location (Figure 1). No other neurological deficit.  Baseline neurology: The patient was well matched with an extensive family medical history of hypertension and epilepsy. She had a history of two previous subdural hemiplegic strokes (both with a transient ischemia attack) in which she was transferred to a different hospital.  Physical Exam: The neurological exam was unremarkable. She was wearing sunglasses and a surgical mask. She was not responsive.  Tests: Neurological exam consisted of an extensive neurological examination including an echocardiogram and electrocardiogram. After a few minutes, she stated: "I can't feel anything."  Radiography: A CT scan at the Boston Children's Hospital was negative. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the spine (V6-V7) was unremarkable. A 1.0 Tv image was obtained with a contrast dye injection to assess for a subdural hemothorax. A CT angiogram was obtained at the same time and showed an aortic annulus (Figure 2).  Figure 1. Figure 1. The Patient's Headshot.  Figure 2. The Patient's CT Angiogram.  Interventional Radiology: The clinical neuroimaging findings suggest a subdural hematoma at the V5.5 to V6.5 level (Figure 3). The right anterior artery (RA) was visualized as a single, thin, irregular vein. The aorta was apparent and had several capillaries. The right ventricle was palpable, but no cardiac infarction was noted.  Perineal Ultrasound and MRI: Perineal ultrasound showed a large vein-shaped area in the posterior half of the pelvis (Figure 4). CT scans at the Boston Children's Hospital showed the subdural hematoma to be at the V5.5 to V6.5 level (Figure 5). MRI revealed an aortic annulus in the anterocentral subspace with a large vessel within it. A large cystic infarction was seen