PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: After biopsy, the mass was determined to be benign. Patient was advised to watch for additional growth or change. 

RESPONSE:

  Pap and PCT were instructed "to proceed as per protocol; to allow for additional growth".  The mass was aspirated and the tissue was biopsied, and sent to Pathology for histological evaluation.  An Endovascular ultrasound of the right breast was performed with the patient sitting on the ultrasound table.  Immediately following ultrasound, the patient was moved to the recovery room, with immediate medical intervention, if indicated. Comment:  The Endovascular ultrasound showed a mass that was within normal parameters of benign growth.  The histological examination also revealed an increase in density of dense fibroblasts in the breast.  The biopsy was performed immediately and was done under local anesthesia.  The biopsy tissue was aspirated and sent to Pathology for histological evaluation. Case #1: A 60 years old woman presented to your clinic following her first sonogram in early July 2014.  She complained of a mass on both breasts which had no other identifiable signs of disease. She could not remember why there was a mass there initially and had no other symptoms. Patient was asked to follow biopsy protocol for all patients presenting to your office.  Immediately following the biopsy, the patient was moved to your recovery room with immediate medical intervention if indicated. Comment:  A breast mass was demonstrated in the biopsy which showed an increase in density of dense (fibrous) fibroblasts in the breast.  The Biopsy was performed immediately and the mass was aspirated and sent for histology evaluation.  The biopsy showed: a) a benign enlargement of the left side of the mass. b) a normal right inguinal wall between the breast mass and inguinal wall. Case #2: A 65 year old woman with a history of breast cancer and radiation therapy was admitted to our clinic because she had no symptoms to indicate recurrence. She was asked to follow biopsy protocol and was given the option of a transurethral resection of the mass. An ultrasound examination revealed the mass on both breasts to be an estrogen positive, non-benign molluscum contagiosum with no other identifiable signs of disease. Biopsy specimen was aspirated and sent immediately. The histology findings looked normal for this type of molluscum contagiosum (HMS). After the mass had been aspirated and the mass was cultured, the samples were sent to Pathology for histology.