PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Patient will be discharged to home from ED with a 7-day course of antiobotics to treat an acute urinary tract infection

RESPONSE:

 . Emergency department management is recommended for acute urinary tract infection and acute bladder pain (Table).  Infectious Diseases:  Pneumonia: Follows the infection with observation of changes in respiratory sounds (tachycardic and diaphoretic). Emergency physician recommends treatment for acute respiratory tract infection with 2 antibiotics: ceftriaxone and azithromycin.  E. coli: Follows the infection with observation of fever and signs of dyspnea and abdominal pain. Treatment is as described for Pneumonia, which is as follows: 2 doses of ceftriaxone in an IVF hospital.  Staphylococcus aureus : Follows the infection with observation of abdominal pain (especially of sciatica) and fever. Treatment is as described for Staphylococcus aureus – Acute Septicemia.  Neonatal Staph: Follows the infection with observation of fever, headache, vomiting and hypotension. Treatment is as described for Neonatal Staphylococcus Aureus.  Post-infectious Diseases:  Chronic Heart Failure: Followed with observation of signs and symptoms  Mild to Moderate Severe Preeclampsia  Neonatal Hypertension  Omphalitis: Follows infection with observation of signs and symptoms (severe and persistent vomiting and diarrhea)  Pneumonia: Follows the presence of fever with the presence of a respiratory tract infection and observation of changes in respiratory sounds (tachycardic and diaphoretic).  Aerobic Lung Disease  Chronic Liver Disease  Gastrointestinal Diseases  Acute or Chronic Intestinal Illness  Diarrhea associated with dysentery  Chronic constipation  Vomiting and/or diarrhea associated with gastroenteritis  Vomiting and diarrhea associated with gastroenteritis associated with gastroenteritis associated with gastroenteritis associated with gastroenteritis  Nausea, Vomiting, and Diarrhea following oral infection, and other respiratory tract symptoms including asthma, wheezing, cough, and sinusitis  Inflammatory Bowel Disease  Cough associated with bronchial dyspnea  Stress Associated with Urinary Tract Infections/Dysuria  Respiratory Syndrome  Pneumonia: Follows signs and symptoms of fever with respiratory tract infections and observation of changes in respiratory