PROMPT:

Plan of Treatment:  The patient is admitted for further evaluation and is found to have bilateral anterior compartment syndrome and right hip abduction dysfunction with bilateral patella dislocation with degenerative changes and calcified synovitis.

RESPONSE:

  Diagnosis of both conditions is made by an evaluation of right joint structure and synovitis. A right Knee Replacement can be performed, but its short lifetime with the current techniques leads to its exclusion, which prevents a patient from recovering to their pre-injury level. Prognosis for both conditions is poor - a few weeks should be expected after repair.  Prevention of hip implant failure: the best way to avoid a patient suffering hip implant failure is to educate them to the risks and advantages of replacement. As a patient may consider replacement of their hip implant and they have no knowledge about these benefits, they may choose the implant that allows them to have as much mobility as possible, or that is only of minimal benefit to them. Thus, the best way to prevent a patient from suffering hip implant failure is to educate them on the advantages/disadvantages of replacement and of all devices other than their own hip implant. The most important risk that an implant poses is that it may not be used properly. This risk is minimized by following the patient's instructions in the order in which the instructions are given. It is also recommended that the patient should be told about the risks and benefits of replacement at each visit.  Prevention of ankle/knee dislocation: the best way to prevent ankle/knee dislocation is to teach patients about the following methods of protecting their ankle / knee: walking on the ball of the foot, walking on the outside of the heel, using the laces on the shoes, being careful running, wearing high socks and avoiding sharp objects that could lead to a dislocation of the joint. The most important risk that an ankle / knee may pose is that its stability is compromised. This is often overcome through a properly fitting ankle and knee orthosis that provides a natural extension on the knee and ankle and protects them from sharp objects.  Prevention of leg weakness: the most important risk that leg weakness poses is that it leads to an increased loading on the joints. Thus, the first step is to identify which areas of weakness can be corrected. The most important point of this task is to teach patients not to rely on a strength training program, as many of these programs are often ineffective. However, if patients have no alternative to physical therapy or if physical trainers encourage them to use a strength training program, the best way to prevent leg weakness is to treat the patient as if he/she has a weaker arm/leg. Thus, if a patient relies heavily on a strength training program, and