PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION The patient is a 78 year old female with a history of stroke and hypertension. She recently fell in her home and reports dizziness and lightheadness

RESPONSE:

 . Her vital signs show a mild pulse, blood pressure 60/40, respiratory rate 24, respirations 3/hr. After leaving the hospital, she felt dizzy and lightheaded. She described having to sit at the table in the hospital waiting room. She described dizziness and lightheadedness that felt like she was going to fall over, and she had to be careful to keep her head up when she talked. The next day she remembered the fall and her symptoms. She said she was talking on her phone and leaning back in her chair when her head suddenly hit the wall, and she fell forward into the chair and was knocked out cold and fell into her daughter's arms. She got up and walked down the hall to her room and found herself on the floor in the hall, completely unresponsive. Her daughter called an ambulance and an emergency room physician was the first to arrive. He administered an ECG and called for a back-up nurse who ran into the room. The patient's first examination was at the emergency department. The patient reported having been in the living room talking on the telephone when suddenly she felt a dizzy spell and fell forward into the couch, hit the wall, and fell unconscious. She was transported to an emergency room where she was observed in the waiting area for 7 minutes. On the sixth evaluation, during which time a nurse monitored the electrocardiogram, the patient fell out of the waiting area, fell and suffered a mild head injury and was observed for 4 hr for neurologic examination. The electrocardiogram indicated mild bradycardia and an increased P wave that was normal on standard EKGs. An ECOG and MRI were normal and there was no evidence of trauma to her brain. The patient was discharged on admission and returned to her home and has not had further headaches. She remains hospitalized, but did not regain consciousness. Conclusion: The patient had a fall that resulted in a seizure after which she fell into an agitated and agitated state (seizure and confusion), was in her daughter's arms, and was unresponsive for 5 hr. There was no evidence of trauma to her brain and no additional neurological exam could differentiate this from the patient's previous symptoms of stroke, hypertension, and dizziness. Keywords: Dyspnoea, Nausea, Headache, Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF), Dysarthria  1. Introduction Dyspnoea is a common neurologic disorder that is often difficult to diagnose. This article presents an example of