PROMPT:

History of Present Illness The patient presents with eye pain and worsening vision. He reports bluriness over the past feel days without history of glaucoma, cataracts or other eye disease

RESPONSE:

 . At the age of 20, he had a sudden onset of headache and photophobia which subsided within weeks.  SUMMARY OF THE PREVENTION OF PRESENT CHOLERA A well-planned preventive regimen, in conjunction with regular eye examinations, can help avert a relapse of the disease. It can also delay the onset of complications in patients who have been diagnosed with chronic or recurring peptic ulcer disease and those who are at increased risk for this disease. Such patients should be screened for peptic ulcer disease every 6 months and those who find no evidence of ulcers or active ulcer disease should be encouraged to undergo imaging. Early diagnosis of these patients is essential to reduce their risk of complications.  The management of the patient, including avoidance of stress, alcohol and tobacco and other foods that induce hypertension, can be important in avoiding the onset of peptic ulcer disease. In addition, a trial of pravastatin (atorvastatin), a popular drug for hypertension, suggests it may reduce the risk of peptic ulcer disease in patients who are at high risk. These patients' peptic ulcer disease could then be managed with aspirin instead of pravastatin.  In the case of ulcerative colitis, a combination of two drugs, piroxicam and metronidazole, seems to have clinical success, both in terms of ulcer healing and avoiding relapse. In these patients, piroxicam should be used as monotherapy, rather than in combination with metronidazole.  The main obstacle to successful treatment of a patient with peptic ulcer disease is the high rate of relapse (approximately 50-60%) [21]. Most patients with peptic ulcer disease return to pre-urgery status within 6 to 24 months even when not clinically apparent. The good success of the drug combination piroxicam and metronidazole suggests that peptic ulcer disease patients can be effectively treated with drugs that are more readily available [22, 23]. In addition, patients with ulcerative colitis who undergo peptic ulcer surgery, with the exception of peptic ulcer surgery requiring a second surgery 1 to 2 years later, are well tolerated at follow up [24]. This suggests that the use of piroxicam or metronidazole with a low dose of aspirin in peptic ulcer disease, even in combination with a high dose of aspirin, does not have a detrimental