PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making: The patient was admitted in spontaneous labor in the morning of Jan 3rd. Her spouse was reactive and reassuring throughout the course of her stay in labor and delivery.	Medical Decision Making: 56 year old patient with history of AML without CNS involvement who is status post successful 7+3 induction therapy being admitted for acute myocardial infarction

RESPONSE:

 . Immediate postpartum hospitalization was required. The patient had a history of an elevated troponin level 3 hours after amniocentesis and had taken a 4 week course of warfarin. During her hospitalization, there was significant elevation in her troponin which is a potential predictor of acute thromboembolism and should be carefully monitored. A low dose of intravenous heparin was administered to the patient. She was discharged 7 days later with a low dose of heparin not to exceed 2 g. A high dose should be considered in the management of elevated troponin when used as a predictor in the prevention of thromboembolism.   What are the risks that may occur during labor?  When attempting to induce labor, several risks (which vary significantly among patients) may occur. The most important risk of labor is the risk of spontaneous labor. This is usually an early onset and typically happens within 1-2 hours of trying to induce labor. Other risks include pulmonary embolism, infection, blood clots, and maternal and fetal distress, and is of increased importance if the uterus is dilated and/or swollen. There are risks of inducing labor with drugs that do not cause a rise in serum lactate levels. This is an important consideration for anyone administering any drug that causes uterine contractions, including cyclosporine, prednisolone, and megestrol acetate.  Why should the physician use labor induction?  Labor induction is of limited benefit to many women and there are several ways in which it may be ineffective, or potentially very harmful.  The first risk of labor, and the most important benefit of inducing labor, is that it allows the patient to enter labor on her own accord, without the need for medical interventions (such as a cesarean delivery) to allow for the patient to start the birth process.  The most significant risk of labor induction is the risk of maternal perforation or pulmonary embolism. The procedure has been extensively studied, with the risk rate for both of these conditions being 1 in 50, with only 3% requiring a cesarean delivery. There is no risk of maternal or fetal perforation when the procedure is performed by doctors who have been trained in induction by a hospital that has a recognized program of induction. The risk of perforation at delivery is reduced to less than 1% with induction.  When it comes to pulmonary embolism,"