PROMPT:

AP:  The patient is scheduled for follow-up with his PCP in two weeks

RESPONSE:

 ' time. He is then scheduled for emergency surgery to stabilize him in the ICU.  [2] There is one more step before that can be considered and I am the last (in this list) to go over it. The patient could come back to the office/hospital for a follow-up after the two week wait. The PCP needs to consider in their decision whether or not it would be necessary to order a second MRI. The second MRI could be as little as eight weeks later, but is not unheard of for a second MRI to be three months later.  If the second MRI is ordered, then it means further time off this patient for at least two more months of convalescent housekeeping. It also means no further surgery on this patient since the additional MRI would show up on the follow-up imaging. If a second MRI is not ordered, then it still allows the patient to have a follow-up after three months. In the above chart they show the total duration until he would be expected to be discharged as the time between when he returns from the hospital and when he is expected to be discharged from the hospital (assuming he has been discharged) is 8 months.  Of course, if a second MRI is ordered in four months, then the patient would eventually be discharged. Why Would We Take A Second MRI After A Concussion? If an MRI was ordered after a concussive injury and the second MRI shows no evidence of an infection, then it is very unlikely that we would need to have further scans. However, if we go from a concussive injury to a concussion, we typically see the onset of symptoms in 3-7 days. We can usually detect or rule out concussion from the symptoms in about 30 minutes.  In other words, what happens if you are having symptoms of concussive injury and you go to your doctor and they take another MRI and nothing is seen, well then we often have a problem. So what we often need is to go from a concussive injury to a concussion in 4-6 months. It is not an absolute rule of thumb, but the average timeframe of 1-2 months seems to be a good amount of time for most patients to recover. Here is an example of how long it might take, assuming an MRI at the hospital shows only a normal lesion.  In the above picture we can see that there is no lesion. We can also see that the lesion has not grown