PROMPT:

History of Present Illness The patient presents for a well-child visit with no complaints. The patient is due for vaccine administration and regular checkup of physical and mental development

RESPONSE:

 . The parents of the child are happy and the family is very happy. The family is very attached to the child and the child is cherished. Parental understanding of immunisation and vaccination schedules is high and routine family visits with the child are conducted. The child is growing and behaving positively, there are no new symptoms and the child usually attends school with no problems. At age 15, the child has his/her first of 2 episodes of febrile convulsions lasting a few minutes. He/she has a febrile convulsion followed by drowsiness after the convulsions. The symptoms cease spontaneously within 1–2 hours without intervention. At age 16, the symptoms of the febrile convulsions return. Symptoms continue with varying severity and duration on a daily basis. The symptoms last for about 24-48 hours. There are recurrent symptoms of dyspnea and a hoarse voice. At age 18 the child's health deteriorates progressively. Children with ASD often suffer from a number of problems such as vomiting, diarrhea, lethargy, lack of interest in activities, sleep disturbance and depression. The symptoms are often misinterpreted and a number of medications and herbal supplements are introduced to treat them. Some therapies are well-tolerated but are costly and their effectiveness is not proven. The symptoms continue and may go on to be exacerbated by other conditions. Family problems and social situations worsen and stress worsens.  Frequency and characteristics of febrile convulsions in ASD A variety of symptomatology are reported with febrile convulsions associated with ASD. Fever is commonly reported in patients with ASD. In the majority of cases the patient is not aware of the febrile episodes, the convulsions are brief or transient and often have a mild course.1 Children with ASD may present with an altered mental status, and may be unable to understand what is occurring.2 The onset is sudden and intense, with the patient showing an unusual lack of coordination, agitation, and muscle spasms.  Symptoms of febrile convulsions in ASD Usually, febrile convulsions arise spontaneously and include episodes of apneic-hypovolemic (A-H), diaphoretic-intonic (D-I), or atonic (A-O) episodes. D-I episodes may be accompanied by a decrease in pupil size. D-I episodes or hypovolemic episodes have been associated with sudden death in