PROMPT:

Assessment: Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

RESPONSE:

  until at least day 3.  Imaging  Do not perform CT scans unless imaging shows severe trauma, head injury or increased intracranial pressure.  Do not have head CT scans during initial evaluation or post-concussion evaluation unless imaging indicates intracranial hemorrhage.  Imaging should be repeated within 24 to 72 hours of a head CT scan for possible bleeding or skull fracture.  CXR or MRA should be performed if signs and symptoms suggest stroke.  Imaging should occur before or within 5 days of endoscopic treatment for any symptomatic headache.  Treatment  If signs and symptoms of a new episode of headache persist beyond 2 weeks, consider an alternative evaluation.  For headache associated with concussion and/or head injury:  Immediate neurologic evaluation.  Management of symptoms by management of migraine.  If no migraine associated or headache with headache does not respond to pharmacological treatment, consider an alternative evaluation if symptoms are not responsive to other treatments.  If symptoms are moderate to severe:  Treatment should begin with a standard neurologic evaluation including a full neurological exam, including head posture and motor skills, and evaluation for clinical or radiological abnormalities.  There should be no change in current medications, including those used in symptomatic relief, and no drug changes should be considered prior to evaluation.  If the patient is being treated for migraine:  Consider the possibility of brain concussion.  Consider discontinuation of prescribed medication to avoid or decrease the risk of seizures.  Consider neurologic evaluation and/or imaging if headache is severe and/or the patient does not respond to at least one medication.  If an ultrasound shows hemorrhage, consider treatment of headache.  If imaging shows headache and no traumatic brain injury:  Imaging of the brain, preferably including CT or MRI, is strongly recommended.  Initial treatment includes:  Rational drug therapy alone.  Drugs that suppress the headache such as amitriptyline to control the acute attack, as a first-step in symptom control and symptom relief.  To maintain symptom control and reduce migraine episodes.  For additional information and recommendations regarding initial treatment, refer to: NIMH Headache Clinical Practice Guidelines For Migraine Headache.  Treatment of headache associated with concussion:  If no neurologic evaluation occurs, evaluation of the concussion site must be completed to evaluate whether there has been