PROMPT:

Assessment & Plan:  Pt will be discharged from the hospital today with a supply of home oxygen and 

RESPONSE:

  a prescription for home oxygen. (This will take a few days to get back on). The nurse who spoke to him before he left told him he looked fine but they would need to do an examination of his body for any other signs of illness. They may have to do another exam at another time. A full recovery is likely with only short-term effects, although the doctor will discuss it with his patient, and if they are in pain they may call in a pain specialist. Recognition of the severity of his condition:   A patient often is in a deep coma with the ability to be woken up to some extent, but it's usually a bit like the ability to move your arms and legs, although some people's breathing may be quite shallow.  The patient's ability to think and communicate is very limited. This can often be the case. The person may be in a coma and unable to speak, but they will be able to respond to verbal requests.  They may still have a normal reaction to light touch, pain or pain relief, and if their eyes are open they'll be able to see. The patient may be very confused and disoriented at first.  They'll not know how to respond to questions, but eventually they will learn to answer them with words they can use appropriately. Pulmonary edema:   Most people will require hospitalization for some time due to infection, worsening pneumonia, and the possible effects of having a high salt intake.  In advanced stages the lungs may fail and pulmonary edema may occur in the pulmonary artery, resulting in an increased risk of further injury.   There is no cure, however, and people who develop this will be treated for that. This is an example of a person suffering from a prolonged episode of pneumonia and their lungs being damaged. The red crosses on his face are an indication of edema. The patient's chest and chest pain are due to pulmonary edema. Pulmonary hemorrhage:   Sometimes a blood clot (plasma, a bit like a blood clot in your ankle after surgery) will build up in your lungs. This causes a person's respiratory movements to become very shallow and they will become very unresponsive to commands. This is a medical emergency. It may not be obvious from the severity of the breathing that is taking place, but the patient is losing a bit of their ability to talk. Aspirin may cause this, but any other drug can also