PROMPT:

History of Present Illness Patient presents with a fever, sore throat and overall unwell. Symptoms reported to start 5 days ago and fever has been persistent and treated with acetaminophen

RESPONSE:

 .  Possibility of Infection and Treatment Antibiotique for Pneumonia: Antibiotic therapy will prevent further spread  The antibiotics given have been quinine, cefuroxime and pencillin. Some patients may be resistant to pencillin. Pencillin may require re-inclusion if the patient has recurrent infections. If any antibiotic is not helpful, antibiotics may be given with quinine and cefuroxime.  Diagnostic work-up A patient with fever but no other symptoms and no previous serious illness is likely to suffer from "the classic" plague of the Middle Ages (Leyden, 2005). This may cause the patient to avoid contact with friends and relatives that could mean the patient will not seek help.  Investigations If possible, the patient should be tested for infection.  If the infection is suspected, the doctor may suspect the bacterium Pasteurella multocida which is spread by direct contact with the dead bodies of corpses in a burial or cremation. Most cases of plague can be easily prevented by washing one's hands with soap and water.  If the diagnosis is pneumonic plague, the doctor will test the patient for the pneumonias pneumophila, pneumonic plague and septicaemia.  If the patient has been bitten by an infected animal, he or she can be tested for infection with BSE.  In case the case is pneumonic plague, the doctor will test the patient for the pneumonic plague. The patient may still survive, but the fever will subside. The pneumonic plague will appear as a burning sensation and muscle pain. If the patient is not an infective carrier of the disease, but is rather sensitive to the fever, the doctor may not treat the patient and would have to treat the situation at home.  If the infection is septicemia (infection in the blood or bone marrow from an infection that was introduced after a blood transfusion), the doctor requires a surgical operation that is necessary if the infection is septicemia of multiple parts.  Risk of spreading of pneumonic plague in developed countries The risk of spreading of tuberculosis and other serious diseases that are also spread through bite are higher in endemic plague areas than in non-endemic areas. Therefore it still is necessary to be alert for an outbreak of both diseases when moving in these areas.  Further reading:  Leyden, Stephen (2005). Plague: the