PROMPT:

Assessment / Plan: 56 year old patient with history of AML without CNS involvement who is status post successful 7+3 induction therapy being admitted for acute myocardial infarction

RESPONSE:

 / stroke (AML = Aortic Meningocele; Stroke = Ischemic Stroke); is in poor physical condition (obese) with a history of multiple coronary arteries blocked by clots; has been prescribed at least 10 antiplatelet agents in the past month; and has had an ECG demonstrating ACS and T-wave inversions suggestive of ACS.  Outcome: Discharged successfully with normal T-wave morphology and full restoration of function.  Note: Echocardiogram indicated atrial septal defect with a 3.6 mm ejection fraction, and ECG showed T-wave flattening and Q waves with an ejection fraction of 5.4%.  Reference: Pugh S, Aghajanian A, et al. New England Journal of Medicine. 2005; 354(18):1815-18.  Case Reports  A 27 year old man presented to the ED with moderate to severe chest pain lasting approximately one hour. He was experiencing chest pain in addition to a general feeling of discomfort. At admission, he was apneic, had a blood pressure of 138/89 mm Hg, and vital signs suggestive of a heart-related problem. He was intubated and was admitted to cardiac catheterization. After performing an ECG (EEG), he was given one of three possible treatments: open heart surgery, surgical TNA-based angioplasty, or sham TNA-based angioplasty in the presence of an electrocardiogram.  After electrophysiologic evaluation, the surgeon performed electrophysiologic assessment on the patient:  1) Heart rate (HR) was 150 and 160 bpm. (It should never be < 100 bpm, even for a short period of time. The HR should always be maintained at a level that is not perceived to be abnormal. A normal rate is 75-90 bpm.)  2) BP was 115/80 mm Hg  3) Pulmonary edema showed evidence of pulmonary embolism on chest radiograph.  4) An ST-segment elevation of 4 cm or greater was considered to be suggestive of a right heart failure. A new (as of September 15th, 2006) ECG also showed a new T-wave inversion, suggesting right heart failure.  5) There was no palpable or palpable ST segment at the last echo.  6) The patient was given