PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making: Routine discharge to nursing home is scheduled for this afternoon. Patient should continue with physical and occupationsl therapy to regain strength

RESPONSE:

  and mobility until discharge. Patient also under observation.  11/30/2016 0200 AM  GASTONIA E. DUTCH 9240993 GASTONIA E. DUTCH (GASTONIA E. DUTCH, ) v. , ) Civil No. 02FCC1319A4  Court: United States District Court, N.D. Iowa  Date: October 15, 2015  Decision: Affirmed in part and reversed in part  Reason(s):  Plaintiff appealed a decision of the hospital allowing her to proceed with home treatment of her multiple sclerosis (MS). As a matter of law, the hospital's decision-making authority is the responsibility of the treating physician. Although the patient did not specify a treatment plan of her own, the hospital's treatment plan for the patient was not inconsistent with her own treatment plan. Plaintiffs have the right to choose medical treatment that is consistent with their own preferences as reflected in an authorized treatment plan. Although patients have the right to decide their treatment, the hospital is not required to allow them to choose among a variety of such treatments or to consider their preference in making treatment decisions. The hospital has a duty not to take actions inconsistent with the patient's desire for treatment. When the patient is unable to choose among a variety of treatment options or is unable to discuss treatment choices with the treating physician, the treating physician becomes a decider of treatment. When the hospital treats patients the way the patient wants, that treatment is not consistent with the patient's desire for treatment. The decisions of the treating physician at a hospital are not arbitrary or capricious even when it conflicts with the subjective preferences of the patient. As a general matter, courts will do the best they can with very limited guidance from experts in deciding patient treatment wishes. The courts find that an injured physician has the right to make decisions for treatment under her own medical judgment and informed patient preference even though the decisions may not be consistent or are based upon circumstances that may place a substantial weight on personal judgment.  Case History Summary: On April, 5, 2015, plaintiff sued the defendant hospital for negligence and violation of the Rehabilitation Act. After a hearing on September 25, 2014, the court found that the defendant hospital had committed negligence and imposed a $5,000,000 civil penalty. On November 20, 2014, defendant appealed its decision.  The Hospital: The defendant hospital is a medical and surgical center, operating in the city