PROMPT:

H&P EXAMINATION Patient reports itchy eyes, runny nose and other symptoms of allergic rhinitis

RESPONSE:

 , often after inhaling e-cigarette vapor in the hours prior to inhalation. The person then becomes ill. HOSPITALIZATION Anaphylaxis is life-threatening. Severe aaphylaxis, or hives, usually causes breathing to stop and death from asphyxiation occurs (2). E-CIGARETTES (ECIGARTS) A new generation of electronic cigarettes, designed to be less harmful to the user, with no tar or particulate matter, can be vaporized and inhaled, and can be an effective quitting aid for nonsmokers trying to quit traditional tobacco cigarettes (3). ECIGS  VAPORIZING, IMBALANCED EFFECTS A person is inhaling vapor, or aerosolized, a highly diluted liquid solution of chemicals derived from plant, tobacco or vegetable material that is produced by heating plant-derived nicotine and flavorings. The vapor or aerosol contains some nicotine and some flavorings--about 30,000 to 35,000 parts per million (ppm) of nicotine and about 2-800 ppm of flavorings (4). The nicotine and flavorings do not cause disease in mammals except in very small doses. Inhalation of any minute amount of these products can cause symptoms comparable to tobacco smoking (4). Exposure to high concentrations of nicotine can be severe, causing cardiac arrhythmia or death. HOSPITALIZATION Treatment for the mild effects of a nicotine overdose may be as effective as conventional first-line agents, such as anti-nausea medications (5). E-CIGARETTES (ECIGARS) ECIGS may be used to quit smoking at a time when it's already hard to think of alternatives, because ECIGS deliver nicotine in a controlled, effective dose. ECIGS are different from many nonnicotine-based quitting products because of the flavor compounds in electronic cigarettes--nicotine with flavorings, instead of tobacco smoke. The flavors are the result of an ongoing process of "re-engineering" the e-cigs' chemical constituents, and the devices deliver their nicotine levels within a certain range. The ECIGS have been marketed since at least 2004 and can now be found in many retail stores in the United States and overseas. They have also received the stamp of approval from the Food and Drug Administration with a new and extended use designation. VAPORIZING, IMBALANCED EFFECTS  TREATED WITH ALC