PROMPT:

HISTORY & PHYSICAL Patient presents with a fever, sore throat and overall unwell. Symptoms reported to start 5 days ago and fever has been persistent and treated with acetaminophen

RESPONSE:

 ; it has also persisted since Monday. This patient may have malaria. In this population, patients are admitted who are presenting with fever, nausea and/or vomiting, with abdominal pain and swelling, and their pain is generally worse on examination. Their diagnosis is based on their clinical presentations, and is based on an objective physical examination and laboratory testing.  DISCUSSION & VIGOR OPINION Patients with fever and abdominal pain are more likely to present with malaria. The symptoms of malaria are similar to many common, noninfectious fevers. Fever, chills, arthralgias, and myalgia have all been reported as early signs of malaria infection1. The diagnosis in a patient presenting with these symptoms can be made from history alone, by measuring the temperature on oral thermistors, or by taking an initial clinical examination. The diagnosis of malaria in a patient with fever, chills and/or abdominal pain is based on an examination of both the external, soft tissues, and the internal, hard tissues. This examination will be performed in many clinical situations, yet some of the areas that are examined are not clear. The soft tissues and innervated nervous system are affected by malaria organisms and are susceptible to infection. The external tissues of the body become damaged from the organism's feeding process and may show signs of a fever and/or chills. The internal organs are affected by the parasites' feeding process and are susceptible to infection. All these areas show signs of fever in the case of malaria. The external signs of fever, including the symptoms of chills, are commonly observed in the setting of malaria. The internal symptoms of fever are not routinely observed in patients with fever and abdominal pain, yet these symptoms can be easily detected using an abdominal radiograph. During the course of this case report, we will discuss and clarify areas of differential diagnosis of fever and abdominal pain, thereby improving diagnosis. The pathogen that causes malaria resides in an insect called Plasmodium (Plasmodium falciparum) that is an obligate intracellular pathogen. The malaria parasite reproduces as an egg on the host cell (gametocyte), which then hatches into a parasitophorous (feeding) parasite. It enters the blood stream, migrates to other organs/tissues (microscopic blood vessels in the kidney or liver), and produces infectious blood or other fluids that induce viremia in an infected host. Infected red blood cells become infectious through a process called "coag