PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  Refer to cardiologist for additional monitoring. Continue on current medications

RESPONSE:

  and monitor for signs of intolerance to food. Continue medications containing beta-blockers. If any side effects occur, stop them immediately and stop using the product. If intolerance persist, consult cardiologist.  Treatment & Prevention:  Treatment of ankyloglossia: If the condition is severe (<2 mmHg > 5 h per week in the past 90 d) or does not respond to previous treatment:  Treatment for ankyloglossia can include a combination of medications depending on severity of the condition. There is not a definite cure and treatment should be done in conjunction with clinical care if the condition persists. If intolerance is severe, an outpatient treatment plan should commence.  Risks:  Treated with medication, ankyloglossia is common and generally well tolerated. While rare, ankyloglossia can occur when certain foods such as nuts, whole grains and legumes are co-ingested with or prior to food.  In general, the higher the dose of medication or co-ingesting of food, the more likely the development of ankyloglossia. Individuals taking medication or coingesting food with certain medications such as β-blockers should be monitored.  Dangers:  Because of the risk that ankyloglossia might occur as a result of adverse effects from medication, concomitant use of another medication with a β-blocker may be warranted in patients with ankyloglossia (e.g. phenobarbital). If medication is taken with an anticoagulant, such as warfarin, use should be discontinued immediately.  Prevention:  Consult your doctor or cardiologist to discuss prevention of ankyloglossia and monitor for treatment resistance.  Biological:  Ankyloglossia occurs in up to 5% of the population. This condition is hereditary and occurs in males (3%) and females (2%).  Reproduction:  In general men have higher rates of ankyloglossia, whereas women have a higher rate when co-ingesting food with medication or when they are over 20 years old (>1%). However, women taking prescription drugs (see above) have a higher incidence of ankyloglossia than men do (1% vs 0.6%).  Disease Risk Factors:  Ankyloglossia is hereditary. This means that individuals inherit it from a parent and may pass