PROMPT:

Medical Decision Making (MDM): Patient is a 48 y.o. who presents after fainting earlier in the day with an irregularly irregular rhythm on ECG consistent with atrial fibrillation. 

RESPONSE:

  He does not have a recent history of tachycardia or atrial fibrillation. He does however have an unclassifiable disease. The Patient's primary care cardiologist notes that the ECG is "almost normal," that no previous medical history of atrial fibrillation is available or available if that's a concern, that the patient's family medical history does not include symptoms of atrial fibrillation, and does note that the patient presents with a history of intermittent claudication.  She feels it would be prudent for management to monitor the level of exercise capacity of the patient and to monitor for atrial fibrillation, but does not feel a definitive diagnosis would be possible. The patient's cardiologist agrees and states there are symptoms suggestive of atrial fibrillation; he states the patient's risk factors for atrial fibrillation include previous myocardial infarction, myocardial infarction with prior sudden death and/or VT, history of atrial fibrillation, history of atrial fibrillation with atrial fibrillation, history of atrial fibrillation during exercise in the absence of tachycardia, history of atrial fibrillation with VT, history of atrial fibrillation with atrial fibrillation within the past month, history of prior arrhythmias, history of atrial fibrillation, history of prior ventricular arrhythmias and atrial flutter and the patient himself is at risk for atrial fibrillation.  As a result of this cardiologist's comments, the patient has significant exercise capacity restriction and no prior history of VT or VT after myocardial infarction.  Although the risk of atrial fibrillation is significant, the patient's risk for atrial fibrillation is not considered high enough to warrant a treatment strategy to address atrial fibrillation as its cause and not be further managed by a cardiac catheterization program.  This cardiologist recommends atrial fibrillation for management, but not to monitor. In the following week, the patient is admitted to the Cardiology Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and starts an experimental approach of the following: 1) The patient's ECG is monitored and interpreted by cardiac catheters for atrial fibrillation, as this risk can not be ignored. 2) The drug ABT-189 is given as his last resort for relief of VT. In a recent article, this cardiologist states the