PROMPT:

Assessment & Recommendation:  Follow-up in 3 months

RESPONSE:

 .  Vaccination:  To be done in the first year of life.  Exposure:  Any contact of infant.  Outcome:  There was no evidence of vaccine related autoimmune diseases after this vaccine.  Conclusion:  I was worried about a reaction from this vaccine. I was told that there would be no reaction until my child was almost 2 years old. I did not read any reports of problems by this age.  Recommendation:  I felt confident we would not have problems.  Vaccination: All children who have mild to moderate autism.  Exposure: All contacts  Outcome: There was no serious reaction from this vaccine.  Conclusion:  I felt confident, and my child should also be.  Conclusion: The vaccine is safe and not associated with any serious autoimmune disorders.  Vaccination: To be done in the first year of life.  Exposure: Children who come in contact with the infant during delivery.  Outcome: There is no evidence of serious adverse reactions to this vaccine after the first year of life. The only reported reported adverse reaction is a rare allergic reaction which happened on the first day of life.  Conclusion: This is one of the most commonly used vaccines. There is no evidence that it's dangerous to infants. The only reported side effects are allergies. However, the reaction occurred on the first day of life so the reaction is a rare event.  Recommendation: All infants should be immunized.  Vaccination: To be done in the first year of life.  Exposure: Children who come in contact with the infant during delivery.  Outcome: There is no evidence of serious adverse reactions to this vaccine after the first year of life. The only reported adverse reaction is a rare allergic reaction which happened on the first day of life.  Conclusion: This vaccine is safe and not associated with any serious autoimmune disorders.  Vaccination: To be done in the first 12 months of life.  Exposure: All contact including the mother.  Outcome: There is no evidence of serious adverse reactions to this vaccine after the first 12 months of life. The only reported adverse reaction is a rare allergic reaction which happened on the day of the first immunization.  Conclusion: This vaccine is safe and not associated with any serious autoimmune disorders.  What's happening here?  A group of doctors and researchers