PROMPT:

SUBJECTIVE Patient has concerns including Rash. Itchy rash started yesterday AM on face. Was red, faded, then more red and tender in afternoon. Took benadryl once yesterday with history of no new food or products

RESPONSE:

 , and now with no new illness. No rash or other symptoms. I am going to wait until my rash returns and then see if there is a correlation!  2 out of 2 found this review helpful Soothing. On 4/23/17, 3 hours after taking Zyrtec, I experienced a rash that began 12 hours after ingestion. The rash started 3 hours ago and stopped 12 hours after. It felt very nice and relaxing. A bit more than a week ago, my symptoms began to disappear and I had mild flu like symptoms and fever. It was also reported that some people experienced a rash. After the rash was gone for 3 days, it was like my rash came back and I had to go to another dermatologist. The rash was so mild but it was there and the dermatologist was worried about it. As of today, 2 weeks after the incident, I feel nothing but better. I am not sure if the rash has started or not. I also started to have diarrhea the day that I took Zyrtec. Not the strongest feeling of pain but my bowel movements were very heavy all day. I am still not back to my normal self. I cannot confirm that a medication could have caused the issue but I do have a great sensitivity to benzodiazepines. I have had a few good days where I have taken a few Zyrtec, but I have a bad time every time I take it. This experience has changed my mind on Zyrtec. I think it is not for me.  5 out of 5 Superb. Used to take these for a year and a half and haven't had even one bad reaction! I used them for some time years ago on my daughter. She now has an autoimmune disease and she can not eat anything gluten because of this. I've had two kids with this disease. One daughter was diagnosed with CD and the other daughter also has chronic fatigue. I've lost 10 pounds because of these pills. I used to take this to get off these two illnesses. I have not felt great ever but the side effects are minimal and if I need these to sleep, I don't eat anything. These pills will give you amazing relief. They are very expensive but so worth it. Even though they do hurt, they get easier with time. I'm using this to treat my daughter's symptoms and it is really a miracle.  5 out of 5 I'm a big fan I'm a huge fan of this medication. Its very powerful when used properly for