PROMPT:

Assessment: Patient should follow up within 2 days and continue medications as prescribed

RESPONSE:

 . (FDA, 2012)  Comments: The patient's weight and blood pressure rose 1 to 3 days after administration, and the patient's temperature rose 1°C to 6°C higher than normal. The patient was treated with intravenous fluids but no other treatment was given or attempted. The patient eventually dropped out of the study.  Study: Effect of dosing regimens on adverse reactions  Study ID: NCAHF-002-00036  Study Type: Observational  Participants: 561 adults aged 50 years and older with at least 6 months of follow-up  Intervention: Three dosages of a low–mortality dose of doxorubicin plus two low–mortality dose (LLD) doses, all initiated in the first week of therapy.  Secondary Outcomes: Cervical HPV infection and abnormal Pap smear  Primary Outcome: Necroses or necrosis of adjacent tissue  Results: 776 patients were included in the study. The mean age of patients was 62.6 years (IQR: 46.4 - 79.7) at enrollment; all patients were female and on routine contraception; the median duration of follow-up on all treatments was 4.0 years. The most common adverse events were sore throat, headache, anorexia, nausea, vomiting, fatigue, and abnormal Pap smears. Serious adverse events were limited to fever, abdominal pain, and infections requiring hospitalization; the overall incidence of serious adverse events was 0.7%.  Comments: The most common adverse events were sore throat, headache, anorexia, nausea, vomiting, fatigue, and abnormal Pap smears. Serious adverse events were related to the low–mortality dose of doxorubicin plus two low–mortality dose (LLD) doses. Only seven serious adverse events were reported, of which the vast majority were related to infection, and all occurred during high blood pressure episodes.  Study: Effect of dosing regimens on HPV antibody reactogenicity  Study ID: NCAHF-002-00036  Study Type: Observational  Participants: 561 adults aged 50 years and older with at least 6 months of follow-up  Intervention: Four dosages of a low–mortality dose of doxorubicin plus two low-mortality dose (LLD) doses, all initiated in the first week of therapy.  